[{"raw_text": "nytimes.com no longer supports internet explorer 8 or earlier. please upgrade your browser. learn more ? skip to content skip to navigation view mobile version u.s.|as ebola fears widen, reports of possible cases grow search sponsored by search nytimes.com http://nyti.ms/1n3bxye loading... see next articles see previous articles home page home page world u.s. politics new york business business opinion opinion technology science health sports sports arts arts fashion &amp; style fashion &amp; style dining &amp; wine dining &amp; wine home &amp; garden travel magazine real estate video crosswords times premier the upshot more africa americas asia pacific europe middle east at war india ink sinosphere education first draft elections city room artsbeat events dealbook economy energy markets media small business your money dealbook economy energy markets media small business your money op-ed columnists editorials contributing writers op-ed contributors opinionator letters sunday review taking note room for debate public editor cartoons op-ed columnists editorials contributing writers op-ed contributors opinionator letters sunday review taking note room for debate public editor cartoons bits personal tech environment space &amp; cosmos well health guide fitness &amp; nutrition money &amp; policy the new old age views baseball basketball: college basketball: n.b.a. football: college football: n.f.l. golf hockey soccer tennis baseball basketball: college basketball: n.b.a. football: college football: n.f.l. golf hockey soccer tennis art &amp; design artsbeat books dance movies music n.y.c. events guide television theater video games art &amp; design artsbeat books dance movies music n.y.c. events guide television theater video games t magazine motherlode on the runway weddings t magazine motherlode on the runway weddings cooking restaurants cooking restaurants commercial real estate great homes &amp; destinations my real estate u.s. &amp; politics international new york opinion times documentaries business technology culture style health dining &amp; wine travel sports real estate science the upshot crosswords today's paper obituaries automobiles corrections multimedia photography classifieds tools &amp; services jobs times topics blogs nyt store times journeys subscribe manage account charles m. blow david brooks frank bruni roger cohen gail collins ross douthat maureen dowd thomas l. friedman nicholas kristof paul krugman joe nocera charles m. blow david brooks frank bruni roger cohen gail collins ross douthat maureen dowd thomas l. friedman nicholas kristof paul krugman joe nocera u.s. |??nyt now as ebola fears widen, reports of possible cases grow by manny fernandez and robert pearoct. 4, 2014 inside continue reading the main story continue reading the main story continue reading the main story share this page continue reading the main story continue reading the main story dallas ? in washington, a patient who had traveled to nigeria and who was suspected of having ebola was placed in isolation at howard university hospital on thursday. in new haven, two yale university graduate students plan to voluntarily sequester themselves when they return this weekend from liberia, where they had helped the government develop a system to track the ebola epidemic. and at newark liberty international airport on saturday, a sick man who had just arrived from brussels was rushed to a hospital amid suspicions that he was showing ebola-like symptoms. continue reading the main story related coverage dallas hospital alters account, raising questions on ebola caseoct. 3, 2014 a plan to use survivors? blood for ebola treatment in africaoct. 3, 2014 graphic what are the chances ebola will spread in the united states?july 31, 2014 with fears about ebola widening across the united states, federal health officials said on saturday that they were receiving an escalating number of reports of possible ebola infection, particularly since a liberian man tested positive for the deadly disease in dallas last week, the first ebola case diagnosed in this country. since the disease began spreading rapidly across west africa over the summer, the centers for disease control and prevention says, it has assessed more than 100 possible cases, but only the dallas case has been confirmed. continue reading the main story retracing the steps of dallas ebola patient full graphic ? airport area below texas dallas hospital dallas apt. where mr. duncan was staying schools with children who may have had contact with mr. duncan but increased attention about the virus has jangled nerves in the public, particularly among west african immigrant communities and recent travelers to that region, and placed health care workers on a kind of high alert in hospitals and clinics across the country. ?we expect that we will see more rumors, or concerns, or possibilities of cases,? dr. thomas r. frieden, director of the federal c.d.c., said on saturday. ?until there is a positive laboratory test, that is what they are ? rumors and concerns.?in the more than 100 inquiries the c.d.c. has received about possible ebola, about 15 people were actually tested for the virus, according to officials at the disease centers. in addition to doing their own testing on suspected cases, federal officials have helped more than a dozen laboratories around the united states do their own ebola testing.one of those cases was at howard university hospital in washington, which issued a statement on saturday saying that, after working with the district of columbia health department and the federal disease centers, it had ?ruled out? ebola in a patient who was admitted on thursday. the patient, who had traveled to nigeria, had been placed in isolation ?in an abundance of caution,? a statement by the university?s president, dr. wayne a. i. frederick, said.continue reading the main story in a sign of the seriousness of the virus, the dallas hospital where the liberian man, thomas e. duncan, has been recovering changed the status of his condition on saturday from serious to critical.obama administration officials said they believe that screening of passengers in the affected?countries in africa, by taking their temperature and requesting information about their activities, is the best way to prevent the virus from spreading to the united states. but they said jeh johnson, the secretary of homeland security, is evaluating whether other measures, including more aggressive screening of arriving passengers at airports in the united states, might be necessary in the future.continue reading the main story the obama administration said saturday that it had issued an emergency permit allowing an illinois company to transport large quantities of potentially ebola-contaminated material from the apartment where mr. duncan had stayed, as well as from the hospital where he is being treated, texas health presbyterian hospital. the permit ends days of delays in disposing of the waste.federal officials said on saturday that they had narrowed the pool of people who were at a high risk of exposure because of contact with mr. duncan to nine, all of whom are being closely monitored.initially, officials had reached out to 114 people in the dallas area who potentially had direct or indirect contact with mr. duncan since he arrived in the city on sept. 20. they have reduced that number to about 50 ? the nine at high risk because they had definite contact with mr. duncan and about 40 others considered at lower risk.?we don?t know that they had contact, but because we?re not certain that they did not have contact, we will be monitoring them as well,? said dr. frieden. some of those people included patients who traveled in the ambulance that had carried mr. duncan to the hospital before it was taken out of service and cleaned.the nine people who were at the highest risk include mr. duncan?s girlfriend and three of her relatives, who stayed with him in their dallas apartment, as well as medical workers. continue reading the main story more ebola coverage on friday, local officials moved the four people who had been staying with mr. duncan. amid criticism that health officials had delayed cleaning the apartment and that they had failed to properly care for the four people quarantined inside, workers in yellow protective suits began cleaning the unit on friday.the delay in cleaning the apartment was due in part to confusion and conflicting guidance over state and federal permitting. ?this has been a paperwork nightmare,? mayor michael s. rawlings of dallas said.that bottleneck was just one of several problems connected with the first case of ebola diagnosed in the country.texas health presbyterian sent mr. duncan home when he first came to its emergency room on sept. 25 after health workers failed to consider the possibility that he had ebola. on friday, the hospital acknowledged that both the nurses and the doctors in that initial visit had access to the fact that he had arrived from liberia but, for reasons that remain unclear, failed to act on that information.local officials on friday evening were continuing to complain that they lacked a department of transportation permit to dispose of the materials taken from the apartment where mr. duncan stayed, an issue that had prevented the cleaning crew from starting its work earlier. but by saturday morning, the department said it had issued ?an emergency special permit? that appeared to clear the way for the disposal of the materials.the permit authorizes an illinois company, stericycle, based in lake forest, to transport large quantities of ebola-contaminated waste from texas health presbyterian. officials would not disclose where the waste will be disposed of.continue reading the main story continue reading the main story the emergency permit specifies how the waste material should be handled and requires use of a particular disinfectant. the packaging requirements, though different from those in federal regulations, will provide ?an equivalent level of safety,? the administration said.hospitals say they would face a major challenge disposing of waste generated in the care of ebola patients because two federal agencies ? the transportation department and the department of health and human services ? have issued conflicting guidance on what they should do. as a result, hospitals say, waste may pile up.administration officials said they were drafting new guidance to clarify their recommendations.contaminated waste materials include medical equipment, bedsheets and ?personal protective equipment? like gowns, masks, gloves, goggles and respirators. the material collected by the cleaning guys, the company hired to disinfect the apartment where mr. duncan had been staying, was being placed in sealed plastic barrels on a trailer attached to a truck, and the truck was being stored at an undisclosed location.?there is a lot of waste material generated by even a single ebola patient,? said dr. jeffrey s. duchin, chairman of the public health committee of the infectious diseases society of america. ?hospitals are in a huge bind right now because they do not have a way to dispose of it.?on friday, dallas county?s chief executive, county judge clay jenkins, drove the family that had occupied the apartment to a new home at an undisclosed remote location. manny fernandez reported from dallas, and robert pear from washington. abby goodnough contributed reporting from washington, and emma g. fitzsimmons from new york. a version of this article appears in print on october 5, 2014, on page a20 of the new york edition with the headline: as u.s. assesses ebola, possible cases increase . order reprints|today's paper|subscribe more on nytimes.com site index news world u.s. politics new york business technology science health sports education obituaries today's paper corrections opinion today's opinion op-ed columnists editorials contributing writers op-ed contributors opinionator letters sunday review taking note room for debate public editor video: opinion arts today's arts art &amp; design artsbeat books dance movies music n.y.c. events guide television theater video games video: arts living automobiles crosswords dining &amp; wine education fashion &amp; style health home &amp; garden jobs magazine n.y.c. events guide real estate t magazine travel weddings &amp; celebrations listings &amp; more classifieds tools &amp; services times topics public editor n.y.c. events guide tv listings blogs cartoons multimedia photography video nyt store times journeys subscribe manage my account subscribe subscribe times premier home delivery digital subscriptions nyt now nyt opinion email newsletters alerts crosswords gift subscriptions corporate subscriptions education rate mobile applications replica edition international new york times ? 2014 the new york times company home search contact us work with us advertise your ad choices privacy terms of service terms of sale site map help site feedback subscriptions", "bull": 0}, {"raw_text": "nytimes.com no longer supports internet explorer 8 or earlier. please upgrade your browser. learn more ? skip to content skip to navigation view mobile version n.y. / region|community college students face a very long road to graduation search sponsored by search nytimes.com http://nyti.ms/1x7lgml loading... see next articles see previous articles home page home page world u.s. politics new york business business opinion opinion technology science health sports sports arts arts fashion &amp; style fashion &amp; style dining &amp; wine dining &amp; wine home &amp; garden travel magazine real estate video crosswords times premier the upshot more africa americas asia pacific europe middle east at war india ink sinosphere education first draft elections city room artsbeat events dealbook economy energy markets media small business your money dealbook economy energy markets media small business your money op-ed columnists editorials contributing writers op-ed contributors opinionator letters sunday review taking note room for debate public editor cartoons op-ed columnists editorials contributing writers op-ed contributors opinionator letters sunday review taking note room for debate public editor cartoons bits personal tech environment space &amp; cosmos well health guide fitness &amp; nutrition money &amp; policy the new old age views baseball basketball: college basketball: n.b.a. football: college football: n.f.l. golf hockey soccer tennis baseball basketball: college basketball: n.b.a. football: college football: n.f.l. golf hockey soccer tennis art &amp; design artsbeat books dance movies music n.y.c. events guide television theater video games art &amp; design artsbeat books dance movies music n.y.c. events guide television theater video games t magazine motherlode on the runway weddings t magazine motherlode on the runway weddings cooking restaurants cooking restaurants commercial real estate great homes &amp; destinations my real estate u.s. &amp; politics international new york opinion times documentaries business technology culture style health dining &amp; wine travel sports real estate science the upshot crosswords today's paper obituaries automobiles corrections multimedia photography classifieds tools &amp; services jobs times topics blogs nyt store times journeys subscribe manage account charles m. blow david brooks frank bruni roger cohen gail collins ross douthat maureen dowd thomas l. friedman nicholas kristof paul krugman joe nocera charles m. blow david brooks frank bruni roger cohen gail collins ross douthat maureen dowd thomas l. friedman nicholas kristof paul krugman joe nocera n.y. / region | degrees and difficulty |??nyt now community college students face a very long road to graduation by ginia bellafanteoct. 3, 2014 inside continue reading the main story video play video|4:11 the art of the degree the art of the degree vladimir de jesus, a community college student, dreams of becoming an art teacher. but after first enrolling at laguardia community college in 2008, he?s still working toward his degree. video by kassie bracken on publish date october 3, 2014. photo by jake naughton for the new york times. continue reading the main story continue reading the main story continue reading the main story share this page continue reading the main story continue reading the main story on a friday afternoon last spring, dennis d?amelio, an artist and teacher in late middle age was presiding over a class in color theory at laguardia community college, whose location in the immigrant hub of western queens makes it one of the most ethnically diverse colleges in the country. it was the end of the semester and the students were tackling a challenging assignment ? a test of the reactive properties of color, which required the meticulous rendering of small sequential blocks of paint, an exercise that would serve as a lesson in deductive reasoning and consume hours.vladimir de jesus, a child of puerto rican parentage and soviet enthusiasms, had arrived early with various supplies and considerable energy. at 23, he had been at laguardia sporadically over six years, amassing fewer than half of the credits he needed to progress to a four-year college. for all of that time, and really for so long before it, he had known that he wanted to pursue a life in the arts. in an essay he wrote in march, he talked about painting and drawing pastels as a young boy, and the link that art provided to his mother, who had also painted and who died in the early 1990s of aids, a disease that also claimed his younger sister. continue reading the main story degrees and difficulty articles in this series will look at the obstacles confronting laguardia community college's 50,000 students, most of them low-income. after the deaths, the family moved to puerto rico, living for several years in cars or in shelters, before returning to new york, where mr. de jesus attended washington irving high school, which has a long record of dismal performance. he eventually dropped out and earned an equivalency diploma.mr. de jesus is tall, with an angular face and long hair he often wears in braids, and much of his skin is covered in tattoos ? of che guevara and roses and the words of bob marley.?all i cared about was art and global history,? he told me one afternoon in the apartment he shares with his father and stepmother in subsidized housing on roosevelt island. ?i was really rebellious, and i was cutting classes all the time.? at 17, he had a child.as a community college student, mr. de jesus is both prototype and outlier. the majority of community college students come from low-income families, and many arrive at school, as he did, with competing obligations (29 percent of community college students in the united states are parents), as well as the need for extensive remediation. the widely held impression that community colleges are essentially vocational is inaccurate. data released by the american association of community colleges in september indicated that most of the associate degrees awarded in 2012 were given in the liberal arts and sciences, outnumbering those for nursing, say, or marketing.in recent years, mounting concerns about inequality have fixated on the need for greater economic diversity at elite colleges, but the interest has tended to obscure the fact that the vast majority of high school students ? including the wealthiest ? will never go to stanford or the university of chicago or yale. even if each of u.s. news and world report?s 25 top-ranked universities committed to turning over all of its spots to poor students, the effort would serve fewer than 218,000 of them. community colleges have 7.7 million students enrolled, 45 percent of all undergraduates in the country. photo vladimir de jesus started studying at laguardia community college in long island city, queens, in 2008. although he has a high gpa, mr. de jesus, 23, an artist, has fewer than half the credits he needs to transfer to a four-year program. credit jake naughton for the new york times continue reading the main story laguardia was founded in 1971 out of the struggles for a more egalitarian world that had characterized the previous decade. at any time, it has approximately 50,000 students from 150 countries who among them speak 129 languages. in february, mayor bill de blasio chose the college as the site of his first state of the city address. gail o. mellow, the president of laguardia and a community college graduate who went on to get her doctorate, has been an entrepreneurial and enlightened leader, forging relationships with goldman sachs, for instance, and the japanese government. the school recently won a $2.9 million grant from the united states department of education for a proposal to enhance student engagement; it was one of 24 colleges to be awarded money, in a competition that drew 500 applicants.and still its challenges, like those of nearly every other community college, can appear insurmountable. more than 70 percent of laguardia students come from families with incomes of less than $25,000 a year. the college reports that 70 percent of its full-time students who graduated after six years transferred to four-year colleges, compared with just 18 percent nationally, but only a quarter of laguardia students received an associate degree within six years.over the past decade, while the amount of money going to community college students in the form of federal pell grants has risen significantly, financing for the colleges themselves, which rely to a great extent on government appropriations and foundation grants, has risen only modestly. in 2010, congress rejected plans for an $8.8 billion aid package that would have been directed toward helping community colleges raise graduation rates.among individual donors, community colleges ignite little charitable impulse. an endowment fund begun at laguardia in 2003 has raised $11 million, of which $8 million has been spent.?to put those sums in perspective, prep for prep, the organization started in the 1970s to help channel bright, disadvantaged new york city children into top private schools and ultimately the ivy league, raised $3 million on a single night in june when it held its annual gala.disturbed by the grievous imbalances in higher education, dr. mellow has written and spoken frequently about the problems that community colleges face. as she and others have repeatedly pointed out, although community colleges serve the most vulnerable students in the country, private research colleges spend three times as much per student as community colleges do.?community colleges represent the only sector in higher education where over the past five years, revenues per student have actually declined when adjusted for inflation. photo the hallways of laguardia community college are crowded with students in the mornings. credit jake naughton for the new york times vladimir de jesus started taking classes at laguardia in september 2008 but left after his first semester. when he returned to the college in the fall of 2012, he had already declared a major in fine arts, with the goal of transferring to hunter college to earn a bachelor?s degree and, eventually, getting a master?s and teaching studio art and art history. from a certain vantage point on roosevelt island he can see hunter across the river on manhattan?s east side. but getting there has proved more difficult than he had envisioned.continue reading the main story continue reading the main story i first met him late last winter in an english composition class taught by noam scheindlin, a young scholar of proust and georges perec who displayed a dazzling talent for making complex literary ideas relevant to students? lives. mr. scheindlin will be eligible for tenure in two years, which makes him unusual at laguardia, where only 39 percent of the classes are taught by instructors who are full-time members of the faculty.in mr. scheindlin?s class, many of the students were foreign born, having come from ecuador, yemen, mexico, nigeria and pakistan. almost all struggled with aspects of vocabulary (words including ?stable? and ?infelicitous?) or analyzing texts. one morning, during a discussion of a julio cort?zar short story that centered on the idea of a narrator, a young woman paused to ask, ?when it?s not true, it?s fiction, right??mr. de jesus began the winter semester auspiciously; he received an a for an early personal essay. in addition to his english and art classes, he was taking a remedial course, math 96, which is algebra-based and focuses on linear and quadratic equations.passing this class, which teaches math that most affluent children study in eighth or ninth grade, is required for graduation and the ascent to four-year programs. but at community colleges across the country, the basic math requirement has been a notorious hindrance to advancement. more than 60 percent of all students entering community colleges must take what are called developmental math courses, according to the carnegie foundation for the advancement of teaching, but more than 70 percent of those students never complete the classes, leaving them unable to obtain their degrees. continue reading the main story roosevelt i. northern blvd. long island city queens blvd. laguardia community college hunters point queens 30th st. brooklyn mr. de jesus was taking math 96 for the third time last spring, having failed it twice. on one attempt he had fallen short by just a few points on the final exam; on another, he did not bother to show up for the exam at all because he was already failing. but in math, too, he had started the spring semester well, with grades in the 80s and 90s on the initial exams, his professor, yelba gutierrez, an adjunct at the time, told me.when mr. de jesus came to school, he was present and engaged. in his english class, he typically offered observations that were sharper than those of the other students. but as the semester wore on, he had trouble getting to his classes on time ? or at all.in this habit, he was like many others. ?you?ll see them come the first few weeks and then they disappear,? ms. gutierrez said. one morning in may, 10 of 28 students in her class were absent. one woman who had come explained that she hadn?t completed a particular assignment because in addition to school, she had a full-time job and slept only four hours a night.among community college students, work and child rearing present the biggest barriers to consistent attendance. relative to their peers, laguardia students face some of the longest commuting times in the country. mr. scheindlin?s class, for example, met twice a week at 9:15 a.m., and on some of those mornings mr. de jesus had to take his 6-year-old daughter, svetlana, to school, traveling from roosevelt island to the tremont section of the bronx by way of the f and d trains and then the b42 bus, before he could get to laguardia?s campus, more than an hour away.continue reading the main story in march, he suffered further distraction when he learned that two close childhood friends had been shot in a house in pennsylvania, in a drug-related crime. ?that really put me in a depression,? mr. de jesus told me a few months later. ?they were my homies and i loved them so much. wrong is wrong but they were supporting their families. they messed up their lives and they couldn?t get good-paying jobs.? photo mr. de jesus playing with svetlana, his daughter, on roosevelt island before bringing her back to her mother?s house in the bronx. credit jake naughton for the new york times on some occasions, mr. de jesus didn?t make it to class, he told me, because of flare-ups from the ulcers that had afflicted him for a few years and, he said, had caused him to be hospitalized at 21 and lose 30 pounds. he attributed his illness to the constant anxiety he felt about money and life. in addition to caring for svetlana, he worked when he could as a freelance tattoo artist, though the money was uncertain.?in a week you can make $500 or no hundred dollars,? he said. in a good month he might make about $700. although he receives financial aid, he is responsible for a portion of his tuition (which for a degree student is approximately $4,500 a year) as well as his daughter?s fees at a catholic school. he also gives his father $200 a month toward household expenses. not much is left. ?you don?t just want to waste all of your money on transportation and food,? mr. de jesus said. ?you want to buy a shirt. you want to pay your phone bill.?when mr. de jesus told his father that he was going to have a baby with his high school girlfriend, the announcement was not met favorably. ?i was against him having children at such a young age,? frank de jesus, a former tool and die maker and bus driver told me one afternoon as he sat in his living room, where a wall of bookshelves included the works of wilhelm reich, friedrich engels and at least 14 volumes of joseph stalin?s writing. ?i thought his life would be ruined. i didn?t make it difficult for them to stay together but i didn?t make it easy,? he said of his son?s relationship. the couple broke up not long after svetlana was born; vladimir shares custody of his daughter.named for lenin, the younger mr. de jesus did not grow up in a house distinguished by an impoverishment of words; education was paramount. as a young man, frank de jesus had wanted to be a doctor. his mother was a teacher and his father was a waiter at the carlyle hotel. a rejection from the bronx high school of science was dispiriting, mr. de jesus told me, but he went on to take classes at columbia university and the city college of new york before falling away, into the political movements of the late 1960s when he joined the young lords, the puerto rican civil rights group, in east harlem.he read mightily to his children ? ?the hobbit,? works of taoism ? and his son has taken the same approach with svetlana, accompanying her frequently to barnes &amp; noble. one day when i was visiting the family, she emerged from her room, pulled the bible off the shelf, sat on the floor of the living room and began reading it. photo mr. de jesus in the halls of laguardia community college. credit jake naughton for the new york times continue reading the main story there are times when regardless of personal circumstance, parenthood can feel like a series of quotidian decisions that amount to a crude choice between your own success and the sparkling future you wish for your child. in a sense, any time someone in mr. de jesus? position sits down with his child to help her understand addition, for instance, he is neglecting the work that will, in his own life, propel him forward.unlike the students at private universities, who are offered an array of supports ? academic, social, psychological ? community college students rarely get the help they need from their chronically underfunded institutions. many students come to community college struggling with how to navigate bureaucracies, and battling issues with executive function and time management. they arrive, in effect, having little understanding of how to be students. ?people will say, ?how come these kids can?t get their act together???? melinda karp, assistant director of the community college research center at columbia university?s teachers college, told me. ?and part of it is structural, obviously, the result of growing up in chaotic environments.? a recent examination of studies on student support services conducted by the center showed that students given individual ?coaches? for two semesters or more ? coaches who actively helped them address various challenges in their lives while keeping watch on their academic performance ? were more likely to remain in college and finish.toward the end of last semester, mr. de jesus had fallen behind on his math homework. there were domestic complications: the death of his grandfather, and the stresses of a college student?s typically strained romantic life. at one point he lost the lab work that he had done in class, which would make up 5 percent of his total grade. not having a computer of his own, he had been checking laptops in and out of the library. in the process of returning one, he had left the lab work behind. when he went back to retrieve the papers, they were gone.the final exam for math 96 would make up 35 percent of the total grade, and as the day of the test approached, mr. de jesus knew that with the demerits he would face for his poor attendance and his unfinished homework, there was little chance he would pass. on the morning of the exam, he didn?t show up, and he failed the class for the third time. as it happened, more than 40 percent of the students in the class also failed. photo clockwise: the atrium of the college?s e building; a display for the chinese student club in the m building; mr. de jesus during a philosophy class, which is one of his favorite; taking notes on plato. credit jake naughton for the new york times ?this whole thing with math just hits your spirit in the wrong way,? mr. de jesus remarked recently. ?it demolishes your spirit. you become lazy.?when i conveyed his sentiment to dr. mellow, laguardia?s president, she agreed and praised his wording. dr. mellow stands on one side of an intense debate among educators about the necessity of algebra for students who do not plan to pursue concentrated study in math- or science-related fields.?i once got a note from a student who said, ?this developmental algebra is a stainless-steel wall and there?s no way up it, around it or under it,??? she told me in her office one afternoon recently.continue reading the main story continue reading the main story what makes algebra so hard for community college students? one factor is that many have been taught so poorly before they arrive. they have developed a debilitating reliance on calculators, abderrazak i. belkharraz, the chairman of the laguardia math department, told me, ?for things as simple as what is the cosine of pi over two.? and the pedagogy tends to focus on computation rather than the underlying concepts, leaving the practice of math to seem far removed from the students? experiences.a few years ago, the carnegie foundation decided to tackle the algebra problem, believing that if developmental math were reconceived, the overall effect on graduation rates could be tremendous. the foundation devised two curriculums, one in quantitative reasoning and another that was more statistics-based; both were aimed at imparting the kind of mathematical knowledge more useful to students in their daily lives. ?you want to be able to understand risk. if you smoke, what is the probability of getting cancer?? dr. mellow explained. ?if you have unprotected sex, what are the chances of getting pregnant?? photo an endowment fund begun in 2003 at laguardia community college has raised $11 million, of which $8 million has been spent. credit jake naughton for the new york times laguardia is one of more than 20 colleges around the country experimenting with these curriculums. nationally, the program is in its third year and the results have been impressive, with students passing the classes at a much higher rate than students who took the standard, algebraically based remedial math courses.to move on to hunter, mr. de jesus needs to accumulate 60 credits, in addition to passing math 96, a course that confers no credit. in his six semesters at laguardia, he has acquired 27 credits.in the spring, he decided that he would not take algebra again this fall and would instead postpone it for a time when he could focus on it exclusively. he ended the term with an a-minus in art and a c in english. mr. scheindlin said that when the papers in english composition became more research-intensive, mr. de jesus seemed to produce them hastily. ?here?s a very, very intelligent student, with an intelligence of the best kind, an intelligence guided by an intuitive sense of how to make connections,? mr. scheindlin said. ?there?s no question in my mind that had he had the time to do the work, he would have written really wonderful work.?over the spring, mr. de jesus looked for additional work in art galleries in manhattan and brooklyn to supplement his income, but he had not found anything and he remained conflicted about the wisdom of taking a full-time job. ?if i had a regular job i?d have such a hard time staying in school,? he explained one afternoon over the summer. ?i see people leave all the time for jobs that pay $15 an hour.?when he first started at laguardia in 2008, he worked at a clothing store, the children?s place, while attending classes and helping to care for his infant daughter. but the schedule became too overwhelming, and he dropped out that december. it took him four years to return.during his time at laguardia, mr. de jesus has been particularly moved by his art teacher, mr. d?amelio, who inspires his students to believe that art is not inimical to making a living and that a career born of passion is not simply a right of the privileged. twice over the past few months mr. de jesus has shown his paintings at a gallery on roosevelt island. in february his work was selected for inclusion in an exhibition at laguardia about race in the 20th century.this semester he is taking a class in the philosophy of art and another in design. he began the fall term with a 3.49 g.p.a., but he has been unable to shake his despondency. his worries about money have escalated to the point that he has recently begun to think about a job with the sanitation department.?i don?t just want to be in school. i want to learn in school,? he said. ?i know that i can pass these classes, but my mind is always elsewhere. i?m thinking all the time of the future, the future, the future, but i?m stuck here in this present.? a version of this article appears in print on october 5, 2014, on page mb1 of the new york edition with the headline: the very long road to graduation. order reprints|today's paper|subscribe more on nytimes.com site index news world u.s. politics new york business technology science health sports education obituaries today's paper corrections opinion today's opinion op-ed columnists editorials contributing writers op-ed contributors opinionator letters sunday review taking note room for debate public editor video: opinion arts today's arts art &amp; design artsbeat books dance movies music n.y.c. events guide television theater video games video: arts living automobiles crosswords dining &amp; wine education fashion &amp; style health home &amp; garden jobs magazine n.y.c. events guide real estate t magazine travel weddings &amp; celebrations listings &amp; more classifieds tools &amp; services times topics public editor n.y.c. events guide tv listings blogs cartoons multimedia photography video nyt store times journeys subscribe manage my account subscribe subscribe times premier home delivery digital subscriptions nyt now nyt opinion email newsletters alerts crosswords gift subscriptions corporate subscriptions education rate mobile applications replica edition international new york times ? 2014 the new york times company home search contact us work with us advertise your ad choices privacy terms of service terms of sale site map help site feedback subscriptions", "bull": 0}, {"raw_text": "nytimes.com no longer supports internet explorer 8 or earlier. please upgrade your browser. learn more ? skip to content skip to navigation view mobile version baseball|postseason paychecks are all about sharing emailsharetweetpinmore search sponsored by search nytimes.com http://nyti.ms/1xavlpn loading... see next articles see previous articles home page home page world u.s. politics new york business business opinion opinion technology science health sports sports arts arts fashion &amp; style fashion &amp; style dining &amp; wine dining &amp; wine home &amp; garden travel magazine real estate video crosswords times premier the upshot more navigation section u.s. edition international edition navigation section home world u.s. politics n.y. / region business day technology sports opinion science health arts style photos video most emailed navigation section automobiles blogs books dining &amp; wine education home &amp; garden magazine movies music media &amp; advertising obituaries public editor real estate sunday review t magazine television theater times wire travel weddings / celebrations corrections navigation section recommendations saved navigation section account: navigation section log out navigation section subscribe log in africa americas asia pacific europe middle east at war india ink sinosphere education first draft elections city room artsbeat events dealbook economy energy markets media small business your money dealbook economy energy markets media small business your money op-ed columnists editorials contributing writers op-ed contributors opinionator letters sunday review taking note room for debate public editor cartoons op-ed columnists editorials contributing writers op-ed contributors opinionator letters sunday review taking note room for debate public editor cartoons bits personal tech environment space &amp; cosmos well health guide fitness &amp; nutrition money &amp; policy the new old age views baseball basketball: college basketball: n.b.a. football: college football: n.f.l. golf hockey soccer tennis baseball basketball: college basketball: n.b.a. football: college football: n.f.l. golf hockey soccer tennis art &amp; design artsbeat books dance movies music n.y.c. events guide television theater video games art &amp; design artsbeat books dance movies music n.y.c. events guide television theater video games t magazine motherlode on the runway weddings t magazine motherlode on the runway weddings cooking restaurants cooking restaurants commercial real estate great homes &amp; destinations my real estate u.s. &amp; politics international new york opinion times documentaries business technology culture style health dining &amp; wine travel sports real estate science the upshot crosswords today's paper obituaries automobiles corrections multimedia photography classifieds tools &amp; services jobs times topics blogs nyt store times journeys subscribe manage account charles m. blow david brooks frank bruni roger cohen gail collins ross douthat maureen dowd thomas l. friedman nicholas kristof paul krugman joe nocera charles m. blow david brooks frank bruni roger cohen gail collins ross douthat maureen dowd thomas l. friedman nicholas kristof paul krugman joe nocera baseball postseason paychecks are all about sharing by david waldsteinoct. 4, 2014 inside photo for the tigers? miguel cabrera a postseason bonus would represent a drop from his regular salary. credit nick wass/associated press continue reading the main story continue reading the main story continue reading the main story share this page emailsharetweetpinsavemore continue reading the main story continue reading the main story detroit ? in october 1903, after his pittsburgh pirates lost to the boston americans in the first world series, barney dreyfuss was so appreciative of his players? noble efforts that he bestowed a bonus.he gave the players his net proceeds from the series, and did not even subtract the money he had lost gambling on his team. the total was $1,316.25 to each player, which was $341 more than the winners received. the players in turn gave dreyfuss a gold watch and shared some of the proceeds with the groundskeeper and the trainer.some things have changed since that inaugural world series. if an owner today were to bet on his team, he would be barred from the sport, and the players rarely give watches to their billionaire owners anymore. but the concept of bonuses is alive and well. all the players in this postseason, including the multimillionaire miguel cabrera of the detroit tigers, who recently said he did not want the money, just a championship ring, will receive cuts.last year, a full share for the world series-winning red sox was about $307,000, and this year should be just as profitable. the champions will divide 36 percent of a pool of money that is generated from postseason gate receipts, just as it was in 1903. photo al kaline (6) and the other 1968 tigers received bonuses of $10,000. credit associated press ?our world series check in 1968 was about $10,000,? said al kaline, the hall of fame right fielder for that year?s champions, the tigers. ?in ?68 i was making about 70,000, which was nice, but i had to work in the off-season. that world series check really meant something to us.?i think miguel is one of the most generous people in the game. when you first get here, you want to have a job. but once you?re established, you want that ring. you want to be a world champion.?whether cabrera was joking about refusing the money, as the players union says, or was persuaded to take it, the idea of players? receiving their share is as much a part of postseason baseball as red-white-and-blue bunting. baseball is a multibillion-dollar industry, and in october the cash keeps flowing. but the extra money is often far more important to the peripheral players and team staff members.cabrera made $22 million this year, about $3.6 million a month in the regular season. even if the tigers were to win the world series, his bonus would be about only 1.4 percent of his salary, or $300,000 for a month of work.?for four or five guys on every team, winning the world series is taking a pay cut,? said second baseman kelly johnson of the baltimore orioles, who are one win from a guaranteed 24 percent of the pool. ?for cabrera, it would be. but for the other 20, plus coaches, plus all the people that bust their tails in here all year long and no one knows their names, it means a lot.?the pool for the players? share of the postseason revenue comes from 60 percent of the gate receipts from the first four games of the world series and the league championship series, and the first three games of the division series. that is 24 guaranteed games.continue reading the main story continue reading the main story the world series and league championship series losers receive 24 percent of that; the division series losers receive 13 percent; and the wild-card losers receive 3 percent.each year, as stipulated in the basic agreement between the players union and major league baseball, teams headed to the postseason hold a meeting to distribute shares. the money is designated in 25 full shares, but the players may divide the shares to include those who played during the year but were not on the playoff roster, as well as coaches, trainers and strength coaches.other nonuniformed personnel, like clubhouse attendants, chefs, public relations staff, security guards, bus drivers and grounds crew members ? a precedent set in 1903 ? can be awarded some of the cash.?it can change a guy?s life,? johnson said. ?our coach brian butterfield, when he was with the red sox, he gave his house to his son and his grandkids and moved into a new house. it changes lives. guys are paying off college loans, house payments and cars. you can?t beat that.?the generosity of the players at this time of year can be particularly poignant. jeremy affeldt of the san francisco giants was a member of the 2007 colorado rockies, the national league pennant winners. he recalled that the rockies had donated a portion of their shares to the family of mike coolbaugh, a minor league coach who had died that year after being struck by a foul ball.?everybody was pretty excited for that,? affeldt said.orioles manager buck showalter said he was particularly proud of the generosity his players had shown to coaches and other club employees in 2012, when they lost their division series to the yankees, and again this year. he said the players had distributed shares to the class aaa manager and pitching coach for their contribution to the team?s success.?that is so cool,? showalter said. ?it?s huge, this time of year, to get a check like that. i mean, did you see in the wild-card game, the kansas city coaches jump up and yell and scream when they won? there was more than one reason. mama?s getting a new pair of shoes.?showalter recalled the first time the yankees gave him a bonus, after his second year as manager for class a oneonta in 1986. it was not a playoff share, just a $1,000 check to acknowledge a job well done.?i?ll never forget it,? he said. ?i would have walked through molten lava right there for them. i went to kmart and got my wife a microwave. that?s when i learned about buying appliances. that didn?t go over too well.?showalter should have done what the pirates? players did for their manager with their shares in 1903. they gave fred locke a gold chain with a locket. elena gustines and tim rohan contributed reporting. a version of this article appears in print on october 5, 2014, on page sp5 of the new york edition with the headline: postseason paychecks are all about sharing . order reprints|today's paper|subscribe most emailed forty portraits in forty years your money: beware of shifting options within medicare plans ways to protect yourself after the jpmorgan hacking savannah, both sides gail collins: the walrus and the politicians op-ed contributor: slang for the ages the most ambitious environmental lawsuit ever harvesting cotton-field capitalism n.c.a.a. fan map: how the country roots for college football dealbook: hackers? attack cracked 10 financial firms in major assault view complete list ? more on nytimes.com go to previous go to next loading... site index news world u.s. politics new york business technology science health sports education obituaries today's paper corrections opinion today's opinion op-ed columnists editorials contributing writers op-ed contributors opinionator letters sunday review taking note room for debate public editor video: opinion arts today's arts art &amp; design artsbeat books dance movies music n.y.c. events guide television theater video games video: arts living automobiles crosswords dining &amp; wine education fashion &amp; style health home &amp; garden jobs magazine n.y.c. events guide real estate t magazine travel weddings &amp; celebrations listings &amp; more classifieds tools &amp; services times topics public editor n.y.c. events guide tv listings blogs cartoons multimedia photography video nyt store times journeys subscribe manage my account subscribe subscribe times premier home delivery digital subscriptions nyt now nyt opinion email newsletters alerts crosswords gift subscriptions corporate subscriptions education rate mobile applications replica edition international new york times ? 2014 the new york times company home search contact us work with us advertise your ad choices privacy terms of service terms of sale site map help site feedback subscriptions edition u.s. international ?? (chinese) help faq contact us type size a type size small a type size medium a type size large my profile my account my saved items log in don't have an account? register now email address password remember me forgot password? register already have an account? log in email address password retype password receive occasional email updates and special offers for new york times products and services. terms of service privacy policy", "bull": 0}, {"raw_text": "home pageworldu.s.politicsnew yorkbusinessopiniontechnologysciencehealthsportsartsfashion &amp; styledining &amp; winehome &amp; gardentravelmagazinereal estatevideothe upshotmore home page today's paper video most popular u.s.?editioninternational edition??? (chinese) sectionssearch search all nytimes.com subscribe now campaign: nyt2014_bar1_duallp_buttononly_ie7_48f66 -- 252929, creative: nyt2014_bar1_buttononly_dual_48f66 -- 377235, page: www.nytimes.com/pages/nyregion/index.html, targetedpage: www.nytimes.com/pages/nyregion/index.html, position: bar1 sign in register saturday, october 4, 2014 n.y. / region world u.s. n.y. / region business technology science health sports opinion arts style travel jobs real estate autos at city hall, backstage player is cast in main stage uproar by michael m. grynbaum, nikita stewart and william k. rashbaum rob bennett/nyc mayor's office from left, rachel noerdlinger, the rev. al sharpton, chirlane mccray and mayor bill de blasio on the day that ms. noerdlinger was appointed as ms. mccray?s chief of staff. rachel noerdlinger is at the center of a controversy that has rattled city hall and raised concerns about the vetting of mayor bill de blasio?s most senior aides. 376 comments brian harkin for the new york times squibb park bridge, linking brooklyn heights to brooklyn bridge park, was meant to be flexible.? but its bouncing became pronounced, prompting study. a new bridge bounces too far and is closed until the spring by lisa w. foderaro squibb park bridge, a popular catwalk leading from brooklyn heights to brooklyn bridge park, was designed to bounce, but just a bit. abuse cases at 2 schools, with technology at the root by kate zernike recent cases in new jersey and brooklyn highlight how online communications have blurred boundaries between students and teachers. brooklyn tech principal addresses teacher?s arrest nyt now ?ngel franco/the new york times flushing creek in flushing meadows-corona park is lined with phragmites, an invasive reed. long neglected, lakes and ponds in city parks will get some attention by lisa w. foderaro the parks department is assessing the challenges associated with cleaning up four dozen bodies of water. anthony lanzilote for the new york times gabriela rosa, former assemblywoman from manhattan, committed marriage fraud. prison for ex-manhattan assemblywoman in sham marriage case by the associated press gabriela rosa, who served in the new york legislature as a democrat, received a one-year sentence for using a fake marriage to gain citizenship. nathaniel brooks for the new york times gov. andrew m. cuomo and his running mate, kathy hochul, at a rally on saturday in albany sponsored by the women?s equality party. at cuomo campaign rallies, a focus on women?s issues by thomas kaplan 4:44 pm et gov. andrew m. cuomo, on a tour of upstate new york, called for passage of the women?s equality act, which includes abortion rights. cuomo pledges ?progress? in a second term, with the details still to come by thomas kaplan in seeking re-election, gov. andrew m. cuomo has announced few big ideas for the next four years, saying he is running on his record. an opponent says he has an ?imperialistic attitude.? bryan thomas for the new york times a photograph of sister miriam teresa demjanovich in a chapel of the sisters of charity of st. elizabeth in convent station, n.j. a nun from new jersey is on a path to sainthood by tatiana schlossberg sister miriam teresa demjanovich, who died in 1927, will be honored by the roman catholic church at a mass in newark, n.j., a step on the path to sainthood. lily mcbeth, a focal figure for transgender rights, dies at 80 by douglas martin a substitute teacher drew national attention after wanting to return to the classroom following a sex-change operation. mary lea bandy, film preservationist for moma, dies at 71 by daniel e. slotnik ms. bandy, a film curator, raced to find and restore early prints and vastly expanded the museum of modern art?s collection. armed man killed by police winning lottery numbers for oct. 3, 2014 october 3, 2014 new york parking alert: alternate-side rules suspended through monday by the new york times the alternate-side street-cleaning regulations will be suspended in the city from saturday to monday because of eid al-adha and yom kippur. go to city room ? crime scene where was he during the shooting? cameras prove fickle in this tale by michael wilson a brooklyn man, pulled out of bed and arrested in the shooting of a 12-year-old boy, insisted he was not involved. metropolitan degrees and difficulty community college students face a very long road to graduation by ginia bellafante for the 50,000 students at laguardia community college, the challenges can seem insurmountable. 28 comments video: the art of the degree at comic con, a fanfare for the fanboys by laura parker an orchestral performance for the lead-up to comic con will include contemporary classical works alongside music from film, television and video games. go to metropolitan ? around new york a brooklyn home for artists, with love by alexis soloski the bushwick starr, a dingy, elegant but strangely welcoming performance space in brooklyn, has become a bright spot on the off off broadway map. hungry city | com tam ninh kieu rice and noodles in many guises by ligaya mishan the menu at com tam ninh kieu in the bronx focuses on broken-rice dishes and noodle soups. comments bye, hornet?s nest: it?s back to new york by deborah solomon jeffrey deitch is releasing ?live the art: 15 years of deitch projects,? which chronicles his gallery. art review the artist next door by ken johnson ?crossing brooklyn,? at the brooklyn museum, showcases artists who live and work in the borough. album in bicycle race, breaking away in stages by peter madsen this year?s east coast messenger stage race shifted from a tempered tour-de-france-style endeavor to a frantic alley cat race. devin yalkin for the new york times juliana sohn for the new york times barton silverman/the new york times todd heisler/the new york times benjamin norman for the new york times yana paskova for the new york times christian hansen for the new york times cassandra giraldo barton silverman/the new york times jake naughton/the new york times viviana peretti gregg vigliotti for the new york times gregg vigliotti for the new york times emon hassan for the new york times sabine mirlesse for the new york times karsten moran for the new york times devin yalkin for the new york times damon winter/the new york times nicole bengiveno/the new york times nancy borowick for the new york times dave sanders for the new york times the new york times damon winter/the new york times chang w. lee/the new york times joshua bright for the new york times michael kirby smith for the new york times suzanne dechillo/the new york times brian harkin for the new york times yana paskova for the new york times kirsten luce for the new york times damon winter/the new york times chang w. lee/the new york times new york panorama every sunday in the metropolitan section, a photographer offers a new slice of new york. city room new york city?s week in pictures: oct. 3 by the new york times a slide show from the past week in new york city and the region includes photos of a police officer?s funeral, the indian prime minister?s manhattan audience and the world?s largest tuba. metropolitan diary subway sleep: a poem october 3, 2014 an awkward date at the modern october 2, 2014 a beer at the plaza october 1, 2014 more reader tales from the city ? event listings events on long island for oct 5-11, 2014 events in westchester for oct. 5-11, 2014 events in new jersey for oct. 5-11, 2014 events in connecticut for oct 5-11, 2014 follow @nytmetro on twitter twitter for the latest news, analysis and journalists' perspectives. twitter list of staff journalists ? follow timesvideo more new york videos ? play video sharee-mailtwitterfacebook n.y./region the art of the degree vladimir de jesus, a community college student, dreams of becoming an art teacher. but after first enrolling at laguardia community college in 2008, he?s still working toward his degree. previous next the art of the degreechef marcus samuelsson?s workoutliving city | finally, a 2nd ave. subwaythe speed in central parkplaying a titanic tubanew york in 101 objectsliving city | where does our trash go?sounding off on climate changeomnipresence: new stop-and-frisk?woody guthrie, new yorkera day at the operasliving city | a tale of two bridges36 hours in central park, new yorkpastor with a punchrolling up a picassohunting for autographs at the u.s. opena ferguson activist in new yorkd-day for pre-kthe voice of horse racing in new yorkone residence, two different worldsa liquid fearmayor announces pre-k figuresa fire for ganeshintersection | eclectic in meatpackingmarchers demand justice for eric garnermoney talks. we sing.double visionintersection | ridgewood revivallife after a heroin overdosefrom street art to high artdressing up in times squaremoving crosstownwhat?s behind the possible met lockoutsweat-free soho stylechallenges of the city chickenthe workout doctorchinatown?s renegade sportwhat an l.i.r.r. strike could look likea beating at rikersintersection | southern boulevard, bronxvows | the wedding watchersracing canoes in the hudsonremembering the rebbeparking dance in new york cityinside firefighter schoolbaptism by firethe fight over new standardsriding the thunderboltrecalling 1994 in sportsa school tackles cyberbullyingvows | a nearly missed connectiona japanese buzz in the bronxturning sturgeon into high-tech sensorshollywood falls for brooklynlindy hop: celebrating frankie manninglarry kramer: the fighting heartthe keepers of 9/11the letter that survived 9/11everyman?s griefthe window into her soulthe searcherspulling big brother?s strings insteadthrift store shame, then pridedog owners square off against birders90 and facing evictionbrooklyn tenants unionizeselling off the newark bearsrise of the milkbotsscuba diving in brooklynriding new york city?s desire linethink back: new york world?s fair, 1964intersection: elmhurst style easeinside prison with ponteplanet albanybrooklyn?s dance feverevicted, a hoarder clears outde blasio?s update on blast in harlemvincent's painting classde blasio on east harlem explosionscenes from the building collapsenew yorkers: earl stricklandplaying for pleasurea hoarder tries to let goanna's espressosuperheroes heading to new yorka brooklyn inspiration for ?frozen?the fight for 98 lindenoysters make a comeback?elijah and jeremiah?derek jeter talks retirementoff the runway | before the showthe school snow runde blasio's 2014 state of the citythe beatles, by the numberscoach granby: going out a winnernew yorkers: john youngaitisbroadway dims lights for hoffmanphilip seymour hoffman?s many rolesbill cunningham | game onaffordable housing conundrum the times close up sam roberts takes an inside look at the most compelling articles in sunday's times at 10 p.m. on saturdays and 10 a.m. on sundays, on ny1 news. this week?s guests include rob astorino, the republican challenging gov. andrew m. cuomo; the author laura silver; and the times?s charles m. blow. video: previous shows &lt;a target=\"_blank\" href=\"http://adclick.g.doubleclick.net/pcs/click?xai=akaojss6u1dcqgu90y_uckltvq9nzjwa6izrxqvn4h5brapaxqmrrm8ln8-klvr8y0w0jsvy6ha1xjrwszu7oyisv1z0rrpe7msinhxiyewhhrzok_ez6b3bdcsqcm_2kwnqyxjcy7vdvrm&amp;sig=cg0arkjszlzsga_geny7eae&amp;adurl=http://www.nytimes.com/adx/bin/adx_click.html%3ftype%3dgoto%26opzn%26page%3dwww.nytimes.com/pages/nyregion/index.html%26pos%3dsfmiddle%26camp%3dmass-offic-travel-1954517%26ad%3d300x250-111553218%26sn2%3d8dfce1f6/9926f9b3%26snr%3ddoubleclick%26snx%3d1412461228%26sn1%3d9bb18932/8a9d9b17%26goto%3dhttp://www.massvacation.com/fall/\"&gt;&lt;img src=\"http://s0.2mdn.net/2647765/2-mass-fall-300x250.jpg\" width=\"300\" height=\"250\" border=\"0\" alt=\"advertisement\" galleryimg=\"no\"&gt;&lt;/a&gt; &lt;a href=\"http://www.nytimes.com/adx/bin/adx_click.html?type=goto&amp;opzn&amp;page=www.nytimes.com/pages/nyregion/index.html&amp;pos=sfmiddle&amp;sn2=8dfce1f6/9926f9b3&amp;sn1=69d43388/3b6b7663&amp;camp=mass-offic-travel-1954517&amp;ad=300x250-111553218&amp;goto=http://ad.doubleclick.net/jump/n6029.6440.newyorktimesonthewebn/b8266058.111553218;sz=300x250;pc=nyt257350a383475;ord=2014.10.04.22.31.45?\" target=\"_blank\"&gt; &lt;img src=\"http://ad.doubleclick.net/ad/n6029.6440.newyorktimesonthewebn/b8266058.111553218;sz=300x250;pc=nyt257350a383475;ord=2014.10.04.22.31.45?\" border=0 width=300 height=250 alt=\"click here\"&gt;&lt;/a&gt; a free mobile guide to our favorite things in new york city, including restaurants, bars, coffee shops, music and events. download the iphone app | get the web app noteworthy cultural events in new york city and beyond. sat todaysun 5mon 6tue 7 artharun farocki at greene naftalidancekyle abraham/abraham.in.motion at new york live artsjazzterence blanchard at jazz standard see all event listings ? most popular - n.y. / region emailed viewed degrees and difficulty: community college students face a very long road to graduation a new bridge bounces too far and is closed until the spring a nun from new jersey is on a path to sainthood at city hall, backstage player is cast in main stage uproar abuse cases at 2 schools, with technology at the root fighting to honor a father?s last wish: to die at home lily mcbeth, a focal figure for transgender rights, dies at 80 seeking dean?s firing, seminary professors end up jobless about new york: bureaucracy turns a hero into a rogue long neglected, lakes and ponds in city parks will get some attention go to complete list ? at city hall, backstage player is cast in main stage uproar abuse cases at 2 schools, with technology at the root degrees and difficulty: community college students face a very long road to graduation a new bridge bounces too far and is closed until the spring prison for ex-manhattan assemblywoman in sham marriage case city room: beneath central park, a teeming universe lily mcbeth, a focal figure for transgender rights, dies at 80 a nun from new jersey is on a path to sainthood crime scene: where was he during the shooting? cameras prove fickle in this tale long neglected, lakes and ponds in city parks will get some attention go to complete list ? metro columns big cityginia bellafantesunday the working liferachel l. swarnsmonday side streetdavid gonzalezalternating mondays the appraisalmatt a.v. chabantuesday building blocksdavid w. dunlapthursday about new yorkjim dwyerwednesday, friday crime scenemichael wilsonsaturday in the region news, reviews and arts coverage from around new york. new jerseydining ? arts connecticutdining ? arts westchesterdining ? arts long islanddining ? arts &lt;script type=\"text/javascript\"&gt; var strtagsrc = \"//d3cxgjorprur2q.cloudfront.net/tags/tag.js?campaignid=387caplength=24\"; document.write(\"&lt;scr\"+\"ipt src=\"+strtagsrc+\"&gt;&lt;/scr\"+\"ipt&gt;\"); &lt;/script&gt; &lt;noscript&gt;&lt;a href=\"http://serve.adfootprints.com/serve/noscript_link/387/clicktag\" target=\"_blank\"&gt;&lt;img src=\"http://serve.adfootprints.com/serve/noscript_image/387\" border=\"0\"&gt;&lt;/a&gt;&lt;/noscript&gt; on the trail of the mighty maya travel with four times-selected specialists tour key unesco sites of central america sail aboard the ms ryndam featured expert: thomas edsall, new york times journalist departs march 8, 2015; from $2,656.13 book now at nytimes.com/timesjourneys ? campaign: nyt2014_journeysmodule_timesjourney_evergreen -- 257352, creative: timesjourneys_sep_evergreen_1 -- 383437, page: www.nytimes.com/pages/nyregion/index.html, targetedpage: www.nytimes.com/pages/nyregion/index.html, position: sfbottom1 ? 2014 the new york times company site map privacy your ad choices advertise terms of sale terms of service work with us rss help contact us site feedback &lt;div&gt;&lt;img alt=\"dcsimg\" id=\"dcsimg\" width=\"1\" height=\"1\" src=\"http://wt.o.nytimes.com/dcsym57yw10000s1s8g0boozt_9t1x/njs.gif?dcsuri=/nojavascript&amp;amp;wt.js=no&amp;amp;wt.tv=1.0.7\"/&gt;&lt;/div&gt; closeafricaamericasasia pacificeuropemiddle eastat warindia inksinosphereeducationfirst draftelectionscity roomartsbeateventsdealbookeconomyenergymarketsmediasmall businessyour moneyop-ed columnistseditorialscontributing writersop-ed contributorsopinionatorletterssunday reviewtaking noteroom for debatepublic editorcartoonsbitspersonal techenvironmentspace &amp; cosmoswellhealth guidefitness &amp; nutritionmoney &amp; policythe new old ageviewsbaseballbasketball: collegebasketball: n.b.a.football: collegefootball: n.f.l.golfhockeysoccertennisart &amp; designartsbeatbooksdancemoviesmusicn.y.c. events guidetelevisiontheatervideo gamest magazinemotherlodeon the runwayweddingscookingrestaurantscommercial real estategreat homes &amp; destinationsmy real estateu.s. &amp; politicsinternationalnew yorkopiniontimes documentariesbusinesstechnologyculturestylehealthdining &amp; winetravelsportsreal estatesciencecrosswordstoday's paperobituariesautomobilescorrectionsmultimediaphotographyclassifiedstools &amp; servicesjobstimes topicsblogsnyt storetimes journeyssubscribemanage accountcharles m. blowdavid brooksfrank bruniroger cohengail collinsross douthatmaureen dowdthomas l. friedmannicholas kristofpaul krugmanjoe noceraeditionu.s.international??? (chinese)helpfaqcontact uslog in to nytimes.comcloseemail/member id:password:forgot your password?don't have an nytimes.com account? register now for free.remember meregister at nytimes.comcloseemail:password:retype password:receive occasional updates and special offers for the new york times?s products and services.already have an nytimes.com account? log in.closesharefacebooktwittergoogle+tumblrlinkedinpinterestredditemailpermalink", "bull": 0}, {"raw_text": "nytimes.com no longer supports internet explorer 8 or earlier. please upgrade your browser. learn more ? skip to content skip to navigation view mobile version asia pacific|hong kong leader?s warning renews protesters? zeal as crowds swell emailsharetweetmore search sponsored by search nytimes.com http://nyti.ms/1n29mk6 loading... see next articles see previous articles home page home page world u.s. politics new york business business opinion opinion technology science health sports sports arts arts fashion &amp; style fashion &amp; style dining &amp; wine dining &amp; wine home &amp; garden travel magazine real estate video crosswords times premier the upshot more navigation section u.s. edition international edition navigation section home world u.s. politics n.y. / region business day technology sports opinion science health arts style photos video most emailed navigation section automobiles blogs books dining &amp; wine education home &amp; garden magazine movies music media &amp; advertising obituaries public editor real estate sunday review t magazine television theater times wire travel weddings / celebrations corrections navigation section recommendations saved navigation section account: navigation section log out navigation section subscribe log in africa americas asia pacific europe middle east at war india ink sinosphere education first draft elections city room artsbeat events dealbook economy energy markets media small business your money dealbook economy energy markets media small business your money op-ed columnists editorials contributing writers op-ed contributors opinionator letters sunday review taking note room for debate public editor cartoons op-ed columnists editorials contributing writers op-ed contributors opinionator letters sunday review taking note room for debate public editor cartoons bits personal tech environment space &amp; cosmos well health guide fitness &amp; nutrition money &amp; policy the new old age views baseball basketball: college basketball: n.b.a. football: college football: n.f.l. golf hockey soccer tennis baseball basketball: college basketball: n.b.a. football: college football: n.f.l. golf hockey soccer tennis art &amp; design artsbeat books dance movies music n.y.c. events guide television theater video games art &amp; design artsbeat books dance movies music n.y.c. events guide television theater video games t magazine motherlode on the runway weddings t magazine motherlode on the runway weddings cooking restaurants cooking restaurants commercial real estate great homes &amp; destinations my real estate u.s. &amp; politics international new york opinion times documentaries business technology culture style health dining &amp; wine travel sports real estate science the upshot crosswords today's paper obituaries automobiles corrections multimedia photography classifieds tools &amp; services jobs times topics blogs nyt store times journeys subscribe manage account charles m. blow david brooks frank bruni roger cohen gail collins ross douthat maureen dowd thomas l. friedman nicholas kristof paul krugman joe nocera charles m. blow david brooks frank bruni roger cohen gail collins ross douthat maureen dowd thomas l. friedman nicholas kristof paul krugman joe nocera asia pacific |??nyt now hong kong leader?s warning renews protesters? zeal as crowds swell by austin ramzy and alan wongoct. 4, 2014 inside photo the police stood between a man and pro-democracy protesters in the mong kok district of hong kong on saturday. credit philippe lopez/agence france-presse ? getty images continue reading the main story continue reading the main story continue reading the main story share this page emailsharetweetsavemore continue reading the main story continue reading the main story hong kong ? pro-democracy protesters in hong kong held one of the largest rallies of their campaign saturday evening, a gesture of defiance following attacks on their encampments and a declaration by the territory?s leader that major roads they have occupied for the last week must be cleared by monday morning.tens of thousands of protesters gathered at the main protest site at admiralty, outside the government headquarters, after the territory?s embattled leader, leung chun-ying, said that ?all necessary actions? would be taken to ensure that government workers could go back to work next week. he did not specify what those actions would be, but police used tear gas in an attempt to break up protests a week ago, leading to a wave of larger demonstrations. continue reading the main story related coverage scrutinized for handling of pro-democracy protests, police have own troublesoct. 4, 2014 violence erupts in hong kong as protesters are assaultedoct. 3, 2014 hong kong lawmaker searches for democracy within china?s embraceoct. 3, 2014 ?we know that every time they assault us, we resist harder,? alex chow yong kang, the secretary general of the hong kong federation of students, told the crowd. ?and we know we?re on the right path, otherwise the government wouldn?t have been so afraid of us.? photo scuffling broke out again saturday in the mong kok district of hong kong between pro-democracy protesters, right, and men assailing their encampment in nathan road, a major thoroughfare. credit carlos barria/reuters the mood of the rally reflected the turbulence of recent days. there were moments of elation at the protests? unexpected staying power. three singers performed a newly written anthem dedicated to the protesters and their symbol, ?raise the umbrella together.? but there was also concern about the government?s demands to bring the protests to a halt. rumors of a crackdown, some suggesting as soon as sunday morning, circulated among the protesters, many of whom had goggles and surgical masks to guard against pepper spray.in a speech saturday afternoon mr. leung said the protests are ?causing serious repercussion to people?s daily life and income.?he demanded demonstrators remove their blockade of roads in hong kong island?s western, central and wan chai districts by monday, and let 3,000 government employees go to work at the main office complex, which has been besieged by protesters.mr. leung warned that continued protests could ?evolve into a state beyond control, and will have serious consequences to public safety and social order.?continue reading the main story the government has said for days that it wants demonstrators to call off their occupation of key roads and stop surrounding government offices. at the same time, officials have indicated that they plan to wait out the protests.but the recent violence may have changed the government?s calculations as both sides accuse the other of the mayhem.fighting broke out friday after protest camps came under attack by men who the police believe had gang ties. the mong kok district was the scene of more confrontation on saturday, evidence that after a week the conflict has slipped beyond the grip of leaders on either side. the united states consulate warned citizens on saturday to avoid protest areas ?due to the potential risk of escalating violence.? continue reading the main story map areas of skirmishes and protests in hong kong tens of thousands of pro-democracy protests have been occupying several areas in hong kong since friday. open map early sunday, sporadic clashes could be seen between a few hundred protesters, mostly supportive of the pro-democracy occupy movement, and more than a hundred police officers. an officer was sent away in an ambulance after he was hit in the head by a rock thrown from the crowd.continue reading the main story continue reading the main story police officers with shields and batons were moving in from different directions, shoving protesters and reporters down the street almost indiscriminately and with no warning.on saturday morning, the hong kong police said 19 men, including eight linked to organized crime gangs, or triads, had been arrested over the violence in mong kok. the police also said at least 18 people had been injured in the violence, including six police officers. protest opponents have also sexually harassed or groped some female demonstrators, protesters say.the attacks on friday led the leading student group to withdraw from proposed talks with the government, which they blamed for not protecting them.protesters and pro-democracy politicians claimed the assaults, and what appeared to be a delayed police reaction, bore the hallmarks of acts by organized crime groups that were condoned by the authorities, or at least made worse by a lax official response.?they vandalized and attacked peaceful occupiers,? alan leong kah-kit, the leader of the civic party, one of the city?s pro-democracy parties, said of the attackers saturday. the democrats, he said, were asking to meet with local officials to ?manifest our strongest condemnation, and want them to make sure that what happened would not repeat today or in the future.?hong kong?s secretary for security, lai tung-kwok, adamantly denied that the police condoned the attacks. ?i am aware of people?s allegation that the government tolerated triad societies, or even work with them,? mr. lai said. ?these accusations are completely fabricated and unjustified. they are also very unreasonable and unfair to the dutiful, diligent police officers.? photo pro-democracy protestors gathered in the admiralty area of hong kong to listen to protest speeches. credit adam ferguson for the new york times instead of leaving mong kok overnight, protesters, mostly students, repaired and expanded their encampment saturday on nathan road, a major avenue usually crammed during the weekend with tourists and shoppers, many from mainland china.throughout the afternoon the barricades were again besieged by groups of middle-aged men, who screamed at the protesters to leave and ripped away their signs and makeshift traffic barriers. quarrels continued to erupt throughout the evening, but student stewards rushed in to prevent fights.max lee, who was among those trying to prevent fresh violence, said he understood the complaints. but like other protesters, he said a greater cause was at stake. ?we?re fighting for a long-term goal,? he said, while wearing a gas mask refashioned into a mickey mouse mask. ?that requires sacrifices.?peter mok, 65, who was among a crowd denouncing the demonstrators, said the sit-ins were causing chaos. ?they are going too far,? he said. ?it?s been seven days now. how much have the hong kong people lost??the protests demanding a fully democratic vote for the city?s leader erupted last weekend, then expanded after the police?s use of tear gas and pepper spray spurred public sympathy for the demonstrators. the protesters occupied major roads with sit-in camps that remained mostly peaceful until friday, when gangs of men assaulted two camps. some local residents, weary of the disruption from the week-old occupation, cheered on the attacks. the protesters have demanded that the city?s leader, or chief executive, be chosen through a freely democratic vote. but the chinese government has insisted that hong kong accept far more restricted electoral changes, which would allow the city?s voters to choose only among two or three candidates who have the blessing of beijing and its loyalists.the chinese communist party sees the protesters as a subversive threat to their control over the city, a former british colony that since its return to beijing?s sovereignty in 1997 has preserved freedoms and legal protections not enjoyed by mainland chinese citizens.on saturday, people?s daily, the party?s main newspaper, suggested that the occupy movement was part of an effort to subvert its power across china, and likened occupy to a ?color revolution,? the party?s phrase for anti-communist insurrections.?as for the ideas of a very small minority of people to use hong kong to create a ?color revolution? in mainland china, that is even more of a daydream,? the paper said in a front-page commentary. reporting was contributed by keith bradsher, chris buckley and edward wong from hong kong, and didi kirsten tatlow from beijing. a version of this article appears in print on october 5, 2014, on page a10 of the new york edition with the headline: hong kong leader?s warning renews protesters? zeal as crowds swell . order reprints|today's paper|subscribe most emailed forty portraits in forty years your money: beware of shifting options within medicare plans ways to protect yourself after the jpmorgan hacking savannah, both sides gail collins: the walrus and the politicians op-ed contributor: slang for the ages the most ambitious environmental lawsuit ever harvesting cotton-field capitalism n.c.a.a. fan map: how the country roots for college football dealbook: hackers? attack cracked 10 financial firms in major assault view complete list ? more on nytimes.com go to previous go to next loading... site index news world u.s. politics new york business technology science health sports education obituaries today's paper corrections opinion today's opinion op-ed columnists editorials contributing writers op-ed contributors opinionator letters sunday review taking note room for debate public editor video: opinion arts today's arts art &amp; design artsbeat books dance movies music n.y.c. events guide television theater video games video: arts living automobiles crosswords dining &amp; wine education fashion &amp; style health home &amp; garden jobs magazine n.y.c. events guide real estate t magazine travel weddings &amp; celebrations listings &amp; more classifieds tools &amp; services times topics public editor n.y.c. events guide tv listings blogs cartoons multimedia photography video nyt store times journeys subscribe manage my account subscribe subscribe times premier home delivery digital subscriptions nyt now nyt opinion email newsletters alerts crosswords gift subscriptions corporate subscriptions education rate mobile applications replica edition international new york times ? 2014 the new york times company home search contact us work with us advertise your ad choices privacy terms of service terms of sale site map help site feedback subscriptions my profile my account my saved items edition u.s. international ?? (chinese) help faq contact us type size a type size small a type size medium a type size large log in don't have an account? register now email address password remember me forgot password? register already have an account? log in email address password retype password receive occasional email updates and special offers for new york times products and services. terms of service privacy policy already a subscriber? log in. &lt;iframe src=\"https://3951336.fls.doubleclick.net/activityi;src=3951336;type=remar664;cat=growl0;ord=1?\" width=\"1\" height=\"1\" style=\"display:none;\"&gt;&lt;/iframe&gt; campaign: nyt2014_growl2.0_digi_us_44r7y_44r84_44r87 -- 255240; creative: nyt2014_growl2.0_digi_us_44r7y_44r84_44r87 -- 381255; page: www.nytimes.com/growl_nyt_now; targetedpage: www.nytimes.com/growl_nyt_now; position: left9", "bull": 0}, {"raw_text": "nytimes.com no longer supports internet explorer 8 or earlier. please upgrade your browser. learn more ? skip to content skip to navigation view mobile version americas|jean-claude duvalier, ?baby doc? of haiti, dies at 63 emailsharetweetmore search sponsored by search nytimes.com http://nyti.ms/1n3mupe loading... see next articles see previous articles home page home page world u.s. politics new york business business opinion opinion technology science health sports sports arts arts fashion &amp; style fashion &amp; style dining &amp; wine dining &amp; wine home &amp; garden travel magazine real estate video crosswords times premier the upshot more navigation section u.s. edition international edition navigation section home world u.s. politics n.y. / region business day technology sports opinion science health arts style photos video most emailed navigation section automobiles blogs books dining &amp; wine education home &amp; garden magazine movies music media &amp; advertising obituaries public editor real estate sunday review t magazine television theater times wire travel weddings / celebrations corrections navigation section recommendations saved navigation section account: navigation section log out navigation section subscribe log in africa americas asia pacific europe middle east at war india ink sinosphere education first draft elections city room artsbeat events dealbook economy energy markets media small business your money dealbook economy energy markets media small business your money op-ed columnists editorials contributing writers op-ed contributors opinionator letters sunday review taking note room for debate public editor cartoons op-ed columnists editorials contributing writers op-ed contributors opinionator letters sunday review taking note room for debate public editor cartoons bits personal tech environment space &amp; cosmos well health guide fitness &amp; nutrition money &amp; policy the new old age views baseball basketball: college basketball: n.b.a. football: college football: n.f.l. golf hockey soccer tennis baseball basketball: college basketball: n.b.a. football: college football: n.f.l. golf hockey soccer tennis art &amp; design artsbeat books dance movies music n.y.c. events guide television theater video games art &amp; design artsbeat books dance movies music n.y.c. events guide television theater video games t magazine motherlode on the runway weddings t magazine motherlode on the runway weddings cooking restaurants cooking restaurants commercial real estate great homes &amp; destinations my real estate u.s. &amp; politics international new york opinion times documentaries business technology culture style health dining &amp; wine travel sports real estate science the upshot crosswords today's paper obituaries automobiles corrections multimedia photography classifieds tools &amp; services jobs times topics blogs nyt store times journeys subscribe manage account charles m. blow david brooks frank bruni roger cohen gail collins ross douthat maureen dowd thomas l. friedman nicholas kristof paul krugman joe nocera charles m. blow david brooks frank bruni roger cohen gail collins ross douthat maureen dowd thomas l. friedman nicholas kristof paul krugman joe nocera americas |??nyt now jean-claude duvalier, ?baby doc? of haiti, dies at 63 by randal c. archiboldoct. 4, 2014 inside continue reading the main story slide show slide show|13 photos the life and times of ?baby doc? the life and times of ?baby doc? creditlee celano/getty images continue reading the main story continue reading the main story continue reading the main story share this page emailsharetweetsavemore continue reading the main story continue reading the main story jean-claude duvalier, a former president of haiti known as baby doc who ruled the country with a bloody brutality and then shocked the country anew with a sudden return from a 25-year exile in 2011, died on saturday.mr. duvalier, 63, died of a heart attack at his home, his lawyer told the associated press. president michel j. martelly announced the death on twitter.mr. duvalier continued to defend what human rights workers called one of the most oppressive governments in the western hemisphere, following in the footsteps of his father, fran?ois, known as papa doc, who also died suddenly, in 1971. the son was 19 when he assumed the post ?president for life,? as he and his father called it, becoming the youngest head of state at the time.he never apologized for atrocities, including brutal crackdowns on opponents at the hands of the feared tonton macoutes, a civilian militia that left a thousand people, if not more, dead, disappeared or illegally detained in harsh prisons. continue reading the main story related coverage times topic: jean-claude duvalier times topic: fran?ois duvalier indeed, he defended himself as victims of his government pursued cases in haitian courts on charges of corruption and human rights abuses. mr. duvalier had appeared in court and calmly denied any wrongdoing and even asserted the country was better off when he ruled. photo jean-claude duvalier, forefront, and his father, fran?ois duvalier, in an undated photo. credit agence france-presse ?were there deaths and summary executions under your government?? a judge asked him at a hearing in march 2013.?deaths exist in all countries,? mr. duvalier replied almost inaudibly. ?i didn?t intervene in the activities of the police.?he regularly dined in restaurants in port-au-prince, haiti?s capital, and attended events at the invitation of mr. martelly, whose administration has included relatives and allies of people associated with mr. duvalier.this year, his old political party announced that it would field candidates in elections and opened an office, though analysts were not sure if it was a serious move or a thumb in the eye of the rival he loathed and who succeeded him, jean-bertrand aristide, another formerly exiled president who also returned and still is a political force.mr. duvalier fled the country in 1986, as political repression and worsening economic conditions set off violent unrest in what was then and still is the hemisphere?s poorest country. he asked france for asylum and the united states for the plane that would take him there, an american official said at the time.his departure set the stage for democratic, though tumultuous, elections. human rights groups have said that he looted haiti?s treasury of millions of dollars and has largely lived off ill-gotten gains ever since.his presence in the country, and the fact that he will now escape trial, appalled victims and human rights workers.?on duvalier?s death i?m thinking of the look in my mother?s eyes when she talks about her brother joel who was disappeared by that dictator,? patrick gaspard, a haitian-american who is the american ambassador to south africa, said on twitter. ?news of the passing of duvalier makes me honor my father and generations of haitians who resisted that vicious dictatorship.?continue reading the main story continue reading the main story mr. duvalier was born july 3, 1951, in port-au-prince. biographical sketches published at the time he became president describe him as an introvert who liked fast cars and jazz and was a martial arts enthusiast. he spoke english, spanish and french and attended classes at the university of haiti, though diplomats whispered that he was unprepared for office and speculated that his father?s ministers would be the power behind the throne.but mr. duvalier took obvious cues from his father and quickly squashed whatever dissent emerged.he curried favor with the united states and exploited its cold war aims to ensure that haiti did not fall under cuba?s sway.investment increased and he pushed an urbanization program. he welcomed nongovernment organizations to fill in what his government could not or would not do, leading to a heavy presence that still exists today.?the years of jean-claude duvalier were also the time of a ramping up of the current highly fragmented landscape of aid delivery in haiti,? said laurent dubois, an expert on modern haitian history at duke university.?jean-claude duvalier inherited a carefully constructed state apparatus for political repression from his father, and he largely maintained it during his regime,? mr. dubois said. ?but he also cultivated new connections with the u.s., seeking new types of investment in the country. the model of using small manufacturing to expand the economy ? some talked of haiti becoming the ?taiwan of the caribbean? ? was a key part of his economic policy, though even he later admitted that its ultimate success in alleviating poverty was quite limited.?as political oppression mounted, so did stories of his extravagances. when he fled haiti, american officials said he held $200 million to $500 million in foreign bank accounts and had a reputation for million-dollar vacations at luxury resorts, as millions of haitians lived in squalor and scrounged for food.while in exile, he kept a low profile but he suddenly returned to haiti in jan. 16, 2011, saying that the january 2010 earthquake that devastated the capital broke his heart and that he wanted to help rebuild the country. but others wondered if he was making a bid to secure money still stashed away; he had admitted he spent a fortune on jewelry, trips and an expensive divorce from his first wife, michele bennett, scion of a coffee-producing family.he looked frail and far thinner than the 250 pounds he once carried on his six-foot frame, and with occasional trips to the hospital, haitian media speculated that he had returned home to die.he is survived by his wife, veronique roy, and a son and daughter from his first marriage, fran?ois nicolas and anya. damien cave contributed reporting from mexico city, and emma g. fitzsimmons from new york. a version of this article appears in print on october 5, 2014, on page a30 of the new york edition with the headline: jean-claude duvalier, ex-haiti dictator known for brutality, dies at 63 . order reprints|today's paper|subscribe most emailed forty portraits in forty years your money: beware of shifting options within medicare plans ways to protect yourself after the jpmorgan hacking savannah, both sides gail collins: the walrus and the politicians op-ed contributor: slang for the ages the most ambitious environmental lawsuit ever harvesting cotton-field capitalism n.c.a.a. fan map: how the country roots for college football dealbook: hackers? attack cracked 10 financial firms in major assault view complete list ? more on nytimes.com go to previous go to next loading... site index news world u.s. politics new york business technology science health sports education obituaries today's paper corrections opinion today's opinion op-ed columnists editorials contributing writers op-ed contributors opinionator letters sunday review taking note room for debate public editor video: opinion arts today's arts art &amp; design artsbeat books dance movies music n.y.c. events guide television theater video games video: arts living automobiles crosswords dining &amp; wine education fashion &amp; style health home &amp; garden jobs magazine n.y.c. events guide real estate t magazine travel weddings &amp; celebrations listings &amp; more classifieds tools &amp; services times topics public editor n.y.c. events guide tv listings blogs cartoons multimedia photography video nyt store times journeys subscribe manage my account subscribe subscribe times premier home delivery digital subscriptions nyt now nyt opinion email newsletters alerts crosswords gift subscriptions corporate subscriptions education rate mobile applications replica edition international new york times ? 2014 the new york times company home search contact us work with us advertise your ad choices privacy terms of service terms of sale site map help site feedback subscriptions my profile my account my saved items edition u.s. international ?? (chinese) help faq contact us type size a type size small a type size medium a type size large log in don't have an account? register now email address password remember me forgot password? register already have an account? log in email address password retype password receive occasional email updates and special offers for new york times products and services. terms of service privacy policy this is an advertisement skip this ad no, thanks. already a subscriber? log in. &lt;iframe src=\"https://3951336.fls.doubleclick.net/activityi;src=3951336;type=remar664;cat=growl00;ord=1?\" width=\"1\" height=\"1\" style=\"display:none;\"&gt;&lt;/iframe&gt; campaign: nyt2014_interstitial6_withlogin_44yll -- 256465, creative: nyt2014_interstitial6_opinion_nytn_with_login -- 382465, page: www.nytimes.com/growl_nyt_now, targetedpage: www.nytimes.com/growl_nyt_now, position: left9", "bull": 0}, {"raw_text": "home pageworldu.s.politicsnew yorkbusinessopiniontechnologysciencehealthsportsartsfashion &amp; styledining &amp; winehome &amp; gardentravelmagazinereal estatevideothe upshotmore home page today's paper video most popular u.s.?editioninternational edition??? (chinese) sectionssearch search all nytimes.com subscribe now campaign: nyt2014_bar1_duallp_buttononly_ie7_48f66 -- 252929, creative: nyt2014_bar1_buttononly_dual_48f66 -- 377235, page: www.nytimes.com/pages/fashion/index.html, targetedpage: www.nytimes.com/pages/fashion/index.html, position: bar1 sign in register saturday, october 4, 2014 fashion &amp; style world u.s. n.y. / region business technology science health sports opinion arts style stylefashion &amp; styledining &amp; winehome &amp; gardenweddings/celebrationst magazineinternational dininginternational style travel jobs real estate autos &lt;a href=\"http://www.nytimes.com/adx/bin/adx_click.html?type=goto&amp;opzn&amp;page=www.nytimes.com/pages/fashion/index.html&amp;pos=topad&amp;sn2=6a37c8ad/789cff15&amp;sn1=9b3ec77b/e82b1e86&amp;camp=lord_and_taylor_fall_2014-1948940&amp;ad=728x90-lt-b8246894.112018668&amp;goto=http://ad.doubleclick.net/jump/n4946.nytimes.com/b8246894.112018668;kw=[url_encoded_publisher_data];sz=728x90;pc=nyt256086a385184;ord=2014.10.04.22.31.49?\" target=\"_blank\"&gt; &lt;img src=\"http://ad.doubleclick.net/ad/n4946.nytimes.com/b8246894.112018668;kw=[url_encoded_publisher_data];sz=728x90;pc=nyt256086a385184;ord=2014.10.04.22.31.49?\" border=0 width=728 height=90 alt=\"click here\"&gt;&lt;/a&gt; latest paris fashion week collectionssee all ?john gallianoherm?smiu miu ? sunday styles for alan cumming, life isn?t always a cabaret by michael schulman amy lombard for the new york times mr. cumming. as revealed in a new memoir, ?not my father?s son,? mr. cumming lived for years under the long shadow of his father ? or, at least, the man he thought was his father. morgan rachel levy for the new york times olivia mannix, left, and jennifer defalco of cannabrand. in colorado, a rebranding of pot inc. by jessica bennett a new breed of entrepreneur in colorado ? young, ambitious and often female ? is trying to attract a more sophisticated clientele to the state?s marijuana dispensaries. 155 comments a mover among shakers by brooks barnes the director of donor relations at the hammer museum in los angeles has infiltrated the city?s upper strata with remarkable success. modern love at the hospital, an interlude of clarity by brian gittis for six hours in the hospital, of all places, i was my true self and could enjoy the company of a woman. email: modernlove@nytimes.com follow modern love on facebook more modern love columns a professional line sitter throws his wait around by jacob bernstein in the chase for a new smartphone or a designer pastry, robert samuel camps out so you don?t have to. an imported soda that comes with buzz by erin geiger smith mexicoke is sweetened by pure cane sugar, rather than the corn syrup found in the american version, and delivers a caffeine-amplified buzz. for james marsden, a close shave (not the movie kind) by jacob bernstein the actor, in new york to promote his new movie, ?the best of me,? sits for a shave and a slice of pizza. reverse parenting the return of the tooth fairy, several decades later by jennifer conlin while i was worrying about giving my 17-year-old son the keys to the family car, my friend was worrying about how to take them away from her mother, who was already showing early signs of mental confusion. comments social qs a secret to keep by philip galanes breaking the news of an uncle?s affair, discussing visitation with a cat, being honest about unemployment, and a dinner party invite. fashion review in the end, perspective by vanessa friedman valerio mezzanotti for the new york times louis vuitton, by nicolas ghesqui?re, focused on a narrow silhouette. at paris fashion week, louis vuitton held its first show in the new fondation building, christophe lemaire sent out his last herm?s collection and sarah burton offered an ode to the east at alexander mcqueen. lauren fleishman for the new york times slide show: scene city: a final hurrah to a fashion season justin bieber, karl lagerfeld and the kardashians at cr fashion book party in paris. fashion review the future? don?t get ahead of yourself by matthew schneier collections from fausto puglisi at emanuel ungaro and iris van herpen. scene city the star of the show is strapped on a wrist by vanessa friedman at azzedine ala?a?s dinner party, apple?s new watch is on display. international culture | by the numbers the figures behind the catwalk by stephen heyman a look at the four main fashion weeks around the world in new york, london, milan and paris. behind jean paul gaultier?s goodbye by vanessa friedman as the designer abandons ready-to-wear, there may be lessons to be learned. jean paul gaultier: words to remember him by by john koblin and matthew schneier fashion names tell their favorite gaultier stories, from hamish bowles?s turn on the runway to coco rocha?s shared sunset. thursday styles the irl social clubs by laura m. holson jolie ruben for the new york times ?i want to be remembered for bringing these people together,? said patrick janelle, center, a founder of the spring st. social society, at a recent brunch. some entrepreneurs have found a niche in hosting gatherings for the instagram and twitter set. lauren fleishman for the new york times bill gaytten with the milliner stephen jones. bill gaytten, out from the shadows cast by john galliano by matthew schneier forced into the forefront, mr. gaytten finds his own focus and voice. disruptions the women tech forgot by nick bilton whether in 1843, 1946 or today, women?s contributions are often ignored. 76 comments putting a premium on casual by ruth la ferla the once humble-looking statement sweats have proved their staying power. slide show: sweats remade on the runway browsing black never goes out of fashion by erica m. blumenthal here are some smart investments to help pull off a head-to-toe dark look. joe buglewicz for the new york times charli xcx says that she doesn?t worry about diet or fitness when she is on tour: ?going on stage an hour a night is enough for me.? skin deep those lips, those eyes, that hair by bee shapiro unafraid of color charli xcx, the english pop star, favors dark eyes and bold lips. shopping events for breast cancer month and store openings starting oct. 2 by alison s. cohn many designers have sales that benefit breast cancer charities and treatments. more paris fashion reviews fashion review reinventions, just in time by vanessa friedman valerio mezzanotti for the new york times the chanel fashion protest, designed by karl lagerfeld. karl lagerfeld created a fashion demonstration, hedi slimane played with his favorite silhouettes and valentino was inspired by the grand tour. turn to the light and watch your back by vanessa friedman at stella mccartney and chlo?, the clothes were relaxed and fluid, while riccardo tisci sent out black leather and studs at givenchy. fashion review the melting pot ? la mode by vanessa friedman collections from raf simons at dior, alber elbaz at lanvin, peter copping at nina ricci and rick owens. valerio mezzanotti for the new york times in his fourth collection for balenciaga, alexander wang sent out sleek and active clothes. fashion review at balenciaga, something old and something new by vanessa friedman alexander wang took charge at balenciaga, while sebastien meunier took over at ann demeulemeester. fashion review blood and roses, circles and swans by vanessa friedman as jean paul gaultier celebrated, c?line, undercover, comme des gar?ons and others presented their spring collections. fashion review a ?blank slate? revival at mugler by matthew schneier david koma says he wants the brand to make women feel ?fierce, cool and sporty.? fashion review dividing along tribal lines by matthew schneier brands such as isabel marant, kenzo and acne reflect the women who wear them. fashion review outside the spectrum at chalayan by alexandra jacobs mr. chalayan had some spring references while issey miyake, by yoshiyuki miyamae, debuted ?3-d steam stretch.? fashion review striving for new ideas at loewe by vanessa friedman jonathan anderson's first full collection for the brand included oversize soft leather trousers, sack dresses and lots of handbags. fashion review at vionnet, two kinds of road trips by alexandra jacobs spring collections from vionnet, carven and aganovich. fashion review at paris fashion week, ?broken? twill, power dressing ? and black by alexandra jacobs spring 2015 collections by christophe lemaire, anthony vaccarello, c?dric charlier and guy laroche. fashion review a carpet spread with riches by vanessa friedman pre-raphaelite met arts and crafts, and print was layered on print was layered on print until an entire visual universe had been created. in milan, the bunga bunga has left the building by vanessa friedman valerio mezzanotti for the new york times at versace, there actually were jackets on the runway. even at versace, homeland of the glamazon, it seemed as if sex had left the city. valerio mezzanotti for the new york times scene city at amfar?s fashion gala, euros and cocktails flow freely by john koblin as the party and auction in milan pull out the stops, grace jones pulls out the wigs, all to raise money for aids research. fashion review: valextra, giuseppe zanotti, furla: the accessories equation emilio pucci: the rainbow alternative for milan fashion week fashion review: at moschino, barbie?s sexy new wardrobe fashion review: the theme at milan fashion week? look to the past fashion review: emporio armani, fausto puglisi and fay: blue, blue, the world is blue fashion review: fendi, alberta ferretti, max mara: a different declaration of independence fashion review: at gucci, a newish take on old stylings in the studio: tomas maier?s outpost in midtown versace helps a restoration front row the catwalk serves as a billboard by matthew schneier richard termine for the new york times ties between brands like diesel black gold and samsung play out on runways, sponsored or not. the cost of staging a fashion show may require corporate sponsors. tom jamieson for the new york times simone rocha, born to fashion, makes her own mark by matthew schneier since introducing her first collection in 2010, she has in short order become one of the highlights of london fashion week. london fashion reviews what does ?british? style really mean? anya hindmarch: upstaging the merchandise tom ford: revisiting a familiar place erdem, vivienne westwood and roksanda: the new fear: being late at burberry, ?contradiction? and ?rebirth? hunter, j.w. anderson, marchesa: from nostalgia to a princess turn at marios schwab, margaret howell and preen: the search: new parts to reveal ads by googlewhat's this? lumosity brain gameschallenge memory and attentionwith scientific brain games.www.lumosity.com on the runway blog paris fashion week social media roundup by valeriya safronova the final stretch of fashion month was full of highs, lows and controversies. here?s a recap of what happened, traced through the styles staff?s twitter feeds. go to blog bill cunningham bill cunningham | rick owens?s paris fashion week show by bill cunningham the rick owens designs took a sharp turn, to gauzy, diaphanous spring dresses that seemed like clouds around the wearer?s body. photographs evening hours | practice makes perfect by bill cunningham celebrations of the old, the new and the ageless. fashion week now spring 2015 see what you missed. slide show paris fashion week accessories by angelica rogers golden brogues with cutouts at chanel, a cherry-shaped clutch at undercover and more details from the spring 2015 shows. slide show paris fashion week street style the street fashion photographer craig arend of altamira nyc took over our instagram account for the spring 2015 fashion shows. here are our highlights from paris fashion week. check out nytimesfashion on instagram for more. what to wear this week: sept. 29 by simone s. oliver this week it will be warm enough for ankle-barring slacks that make slip-on sneakers the focus, yet cool enough to appreciate the closed toe. scene city 1 of 48nextprevscene city: a final hurrah to a fashion seasonjustin bieber, karl lagerfeld and the kardashians at cr fashion book party in paris. street style slide show milan fashion week street style by craig arend here are our highlights from show-goers? style. slide show london fashion week street style by craig arend here are our highlights from show-goers? style. slide show new york fashion week street style by craig arend here are our highlights from show-goers? style. photographs fashion week: the runway revisited photographs by jennifer s. altman during february and september 2013, the photographer jennifer s. altman followed a group of models as they walked the runway during new york fashion week. here is where they are a year later. fashion week now in the studio series in the studio rick owens: secure in his own world by vanessa friedman the designer lives and works in his building in paris's seventh arrondissement. clare waight keller of chlo?: pencils, pushpins and paris by vanessa friedman the designer describes herself as \"slowly invading\" her office space. in the studio alber elbaz of lanvin: the eye, the mirror, the screen by vanessa friedman there are few furnishings in the lanvin designer?s office, but they all play a role in his work. in the studio vera wang: treasuring the calm in the eye of the storm by vanessa friedman no desk, no computer, no art on the walls: for the designer vera wang, her minimalist office is her sanctuary. in the studio narciso rodriguez: never at a loss for sneakers by vanessa friedman the designer talks about what inspires him and what keeps him going. in the studio diane von furstenberg: a life in five floors by vanessa friedman the designer diane von furstenberg feels at her best behind her desk. in the studio what?s inside jason wu?s office by vanessa friedman for the fashion designer jason wu, his office holds both inspiration and sentiment. and then there?s that cat. it's all in the details slide show milan fashion week accessories by angelica rogers barbie-inspired bags at moschino, ?70s style boots at gucci and more details from the spring 2015 shows. slide show london fashion week accessories by angelica rogers fur slippers at simone rocha, ear-cuffs at julien macdonald and more details from the spring 2015 shows. slide show new york fashion week accessories by angelica rogers military-inspired bags at marc jacobs, 3-d glasses at rebecca minkoff and more details from the spring 2015 shows. new york fashion reviews fashion review: marc jacobs: a ?slower? pace fashion review: past, present, prologue at calvin klein, hugo boss and proenza schouler as old (and new) as time: michael kors, oscar de la renta and more keeping things casual: lacoste, hood by air, public school spring collections or spring break: jeremy scott and marc by marc jacobs on the runways to other worlds: donna karan, maria cornejo, rodarte, thom browne, vera wang a jolt of caffeine is much needed: j. crew, phillip lim, rag &amp; bone and tory burch some get the point: tommy hilfiger, diane von furstenberg, carolina herrera, the row for opening ceremony, an operatic curtain raiser at beckham and altuzarra, risks work delivering messages, some at a post office: prabal gurung, ralph rucci and suno a mixed bag of looks: coach, peter som, jason wu and creatures of the wind dressed for the new idea of success: carlos campos, david hart, lucio castro fashion week parties 1 of 7nextprevnew york fashion week parties: night 7new york fashion week parties for victoria?s secret models and jeremy scott. off the runway 1 of 6nextprevoff the runway: day 8scenes from ralph lauren and dorin negrau on the last day of new york fashion week. spring/summer 2015 fashion weekbackstage and front row at the shows. from t magazine embellished shower slides at fausto puglisi by malina joseph gilchrist t plucks the best shoes right off the runway. today?s pick: a luxurious riff on the classic leisure slip-on. grungy waves at no. 21 by malina joseph gilchrist messy hair packed an extra dose of attitude into the label?s spring 2015 fashion show. interactive feature test your knowledge of new york fashion week by devi vallabhaneni how much do you really know about new york fashion week and the designers who show here? timelines graphic eileen ford: through the years by joanna nikas eileen ford is remembered for her legacy of scouting models and building her business into an empire. interactive feature donna karan: through the years by joanna nikas how ms. karan built her company. festival style 1 of 5nextprevlollapalooza festival fashionhere are some looks that stood out from the crowd in chicago. red carpet 1 of 21nextprevthe red carpet at the espyscameron diaz and jessica alba were among the best dressed at the award show. interactive graphic the red carpet project explore an archive of oscar red carpet looks that spans 19 years by name, designer, color, silhouette and year. fashion week runway shows: spring 2014 see the collections from new york, london, milan and paris. weddings / celebrations for the latest wedding announcements, vows columns and other related articles. go to weddings / celebrations april bloomfield on wanting to be a cop and cooking her way to the top october 3, 2014 in l.a., a new outpost for european fashion and art october 3, 2014 the designers of spring/summer 2015 fashion week take their bows october 3, 2014 go to t magazine ? not a ?pta mom? october 3, 2014 go to blog ? timesvideo more fashion videos ? play video sharee-mailtwitterfacebook fashion bill cunningham | rick owens?s paris fashion week show the rick owens designs took a sharp turn, to gauzy, diaphanous spring dresses that seemed like clouds around the wearer?s body. previous next bill cunningham | rick owens?s paris fashion week showbill cunningham: accessories as co-starsin the studio | clare waight keller of chlo?in the studio | rick owensbill cunningham | stardustin the studio | alber elbaz of lanvinin the studio | tomas maierbill cunningham | new york fashion weekcarolina herrera: pursuing elegancein the studio | vera wangin the studio | narciso rodriguezin the studio | diane von furstenbergsign of the times | fall men?s 2014bill cunningham | blithe spiritsin the studio | jason wubill cunningham | fall transitionintersection | eclectic in meatpackingbill cunningham | gray is the new blackthe sneaker remixbill cunningham | streets paved in goldintersection | casual style in glasgowbill cunningham | promenade in nahantintersection | ridgewood revivalintersection | dakar?s downtown flairsweat-free soho stylebill cunningham | great lengthsintersection | high line break timeintersection | nashville?s quirky stylebill cunningham | summer printsbill cunningham | in black and whitecan american apparel be saved?intersection | mexico city?s spirited stylebill cunningham | tricolorintersection | southern boulevard, bronxbill cunningham | breakfast at tiffany?scurtain call | paris men?s fashion weekbill cunningham | jeff koons? big bloomintersection | haut marais, parisbill cunningham | great, gatsbyintersection | clinton hill, brooklynthe making of a male modelbill cunningham | struttingintersection | detroit?s industrial chicbill cunningham | a-twirlintersection | el raval, barcelonabill cunningham | pack mentalityintersection | fashion in eastern congobill cunningham | the winning number isintersection | eclectic bushwickskin deep: bold liners for bright eyesbill cunningham | turning headsmodern style in minneapolisbill cunningham | the met ballintersection | berlin fashion boldnessbill cunningham | seasonedintersection | flatiron functionalitybill cunningham | on the right footintersection: oakland?s stylebill cunningham | spring frenzyintersection: doha?s souq stylebill cunningham | coats offintersection: elmhurst style easebill cunningham | at face valueintersection: lisbon?s stylish crossroadsbill cunningham | french evolutionharlem style, just for the fun of itbill cunningham | wearing it forwardintersection: delhi?s indo-western stylebill cunningham | no coupons at chanelintersection: as chic as parisparis fall 2014: elements | characterparis fall 2014: elements | shapebill cunningham | winter blues and pinksparis fall 2014: elements | colorparis fall 2014: elements | texturebill cunningham | the white albumintersection: rainy day style in milanbill cunningham | unbuttonedstreet markets in east londonbill cunningham | ugh!new york fall 2014: the fifth elementevening hours | new york fashion weeknew york fall 2014: elements | charactercreating effortless luxuryoff the runway | before the showskin deep: runway maximalnew york fall 2014: elements | shapenew york fall 2014: elements | colornew york fall 2014: elements | texturebill cunningham | whiteoutintersection: colorful style in londonbill cunningham | game onthe fashionable french quarterbill cunningham | topping upurban grit in philly?s fishtowncurtain call | paris couture collectionsbill cunningham | check matesintersection: style is art in miamia family affair at london fashion week follow fashion on twitter pinterest instagram instagram fashion and beauty photos, from the runway to the pavement.staff twitter list ? &lt;a href=\"http://www.nytimes.com/adx/bin/adx_click.html?type=goto&amp;opzn&amp;page=www.nytimes.com/pages/fashion/index.html&amp;pos=sfmiddle&amp;sn2=ce5f4657/6b3d74c9&amp;sn1=5d805337/14b0da87&amp;camp=lord_and_taylor_fall_2014-1948940&amp;ad=300x250-lt-b8246894.112019151&amp;goto=http://ad.doubleclick.net/jump/n4946.nytimes.com/b8246894.112019151;kw=[url_encoded_publisher_data];sz=300x250;pc=nyt256086a385183;ord=2014.10.04.22.31.49?\" target=\"_blank\"&gt; &lt;img src=\"http://ad.doubleclick.net/ad/n4946.nytimes.com/b8246894.112019151;kw=[url_encoded_publisher_data];sz=300x250;pc=nyt256086a385183;ord=2014.10.04.22.31.49?\" border=0 width=300 height=250 alt=\"click here\"&gt;&lt;/a&gt; our reporters and editors on twitter vanessa friedman fashion director alexandra jacobs fashion critic, features writer john koblin fashion reporter guy trebay fashion, culture stuart emmrich styles editor simone s. oliver online fashion editor matthew schneier fashion reporter nick bilton technology columnist editors' picks meet our guest pinner: soo joo park, today?s model ms. park is sharing her favorite looks on pinterest from fashion shows in new york, london, milan and paris. follow her board on the times? pinterest page.? see her pinterest board intersection: casual style in glasgow in the west end of glasgow, blossom mccuaig cites old movies and local vintage shops as her inspirations. more intersection videos times topics: fashion designers times topics in the news new york fashion week | professional models most popular - fashion &amp; style emailed viewed in colorado, a rebranding of pot inc. for alan cumming, life isn?t always a cabaret an imported soda that comes with buzz field notes: the community of the traveling huppah modern love: at the hospital, an interlude of clarity bill cunningham | rick owens?s paris fashion week show disruptions: the women tech forgot amy cuddy takes a stand a mover among shakers paris fashion week accessories go to complete list ? in colorado, a rebranding of pot inc. for alan cumming, life isn?t always a cabaret on the street: bill cunningham | accessories as co-stars the irl social clubs fashion review: in the end, perspective modern love: at the hospital, an interlude of clarity fashion week now spring 2015 an imported soda that comes with buzz social qs: a secret to keep vows: an icy night, a snowy proposal and then ... go to complete list ? &lt;script type=\"text/javascript\"&gt; var strtagsrc = \"//d3cxgjorprur2q.cloudfront.net/tags/tag.js?campaignid=387caplength=24\"; document.write(\"&lt;scr\"+\"ipt src=\"+strtagsrc+\"&gt;&lt;/scr\"+\"ipt&gt;\"); &lt;/script&gt; &lt;noscript&gt;&lt;a href=\"http://serve.adfootprints.com/serve/noscript_link/387/clicktag\" target=\"_blank\"&gt;&lt;img src=\"http://serve.adfootprints.com/serve/noscript_image/387\" border=\"0\"&gt;&lt;/a&gt;&lt;/noscript&gt; loading... price...... loading... price...... loading... price...... loading... price...... loading... price...... the two sides of southern africa the history and politics in cape town and beyond four safaris, countless animals victoria falls in two countries featured expert: stephen mcqueen, diplomatic relations departs december 2014; from $13,995 book now at nytimes.com/timesjourneys ? campaign: nyt2014_journeysmodule_timesjourney_fashion -- 247005, creative: timesjourneys_aug_fashion_1 -- 380814, page: www.nytimes.com/pages/fashion/index.html, targetedpage: www.nytimes.com/pages/fashion/index.html, position: sfbottom1 ? 2014 the new york times company site map privacy your ad choices advertise terms of sale terms of service work with us rss help contact us site feedback closeafricaamericasasia pacificeuropemiddle eastat warindia inksinosphereeducationfirst draftelectionscity roomartsbeateventsdealbookeconomyenergymarketsmediasmall businessyour moneyop-ed columnistseditorialscontributing writersop-ed contributorsopinionatorletterssunday reviewtaking noteroom for debatepublic editorcartoonsbitspersonal techenvironmentspace &amp; cosmoswellhealth guidefitness &amp; nutritionmoney &amp; policythe new old ageviewsbaseballbasketball: collegebasketball: n.b.a.football: collegefootball: n.f.l.golfhockeysoccertennisart &amp; designartsbeatbooksdancemoviesmusicn.y.c. events guidetelevisiontheatervideo gamest magazinemotherlodeon the runwayweddingscookingrestaurantscommercial real estategreat homes &amp; destinationsmy real estateu.s. &amp; politicsinternationalnew yorkopiniontimes documentariesbusinesstechnologyculturestylehealthdining &amp; winetravelsportsreal estatesciencecrosswordstoday's paperobituariesautomobilescorrectionsmultimediaphotographyclassifiedstools &amp; servicesjobstimes topicsblogsnyt storetimes journeyssubscribemanage accountcharles m. blowdavid brooksfrank bruniroger cohengail collinsross douthatmaureen dowdthomas l. friedmannicholas kristofpaul krugmanjoe noceraeditionu.s.international??? (chinese)helpfaqcontact us &lt;div&gt;&lt;img alt=\"dcsimg\" id=\"dcsimg\" width=\"1\" height=\"1\" src=\"http://wt.o.nytimes.com/dcsym57yw10000s1s8g0boozt_9t1x/njs.gif?dcsuri=/nojavascript&amp;amp;wt.js=no&amp;amp;wt.tv=1.0.7\"/&gt;&lt;/div&gt; log in to nytimes.comcloseemail/member id:password:forgot your password?don't have an nytimes.com account? register now for free.remember meregister at nytimes.comcloseemail:password:retype password:receive occasional updates and special offers for the new york times?s products and services.already have an nytimes.com account? log in.closesharefacebooktwittergoogle+tumblrlinkedinpinterestredditemailpermalink", "bull": 0}, {"raw_text": "home pageworldu.s.politicsnew yorkbusinessopiniontechnologysciencehealthsportsartsfashion &amp; styledining &amp; winehome &amp; gardentravelmagazinereal estatevideothe upshotmore home page today's paper video most popular u.s.?editioninternational edition??? (chinese) sectionssearch search all nytimes.com subscribe now campaign: nyt2014_bar1_duallp_buttononly_ie7_48f66 -- 252929, creative: nyt2014_bar1_buttononly_dual_48f66 -- 377235, page: www.nytimes.com/pages/nyregion/index.html, targetedpage: www.nytimes.com/pages/nyregion/index.html, position: bar1 sign in register saturday, october 4, 2014 n.y. / region world u.s. n.y. / region business technology science health sports opinion arts style travel jobs real estate autos at city hall, backstage player is cast in main stage uproar by michael m. grynbaum, nikita stewart and william k. rashbaum rob bennett/nyc mayor's office from left, rachel noerdlinger, the rev. al sharpton, chirlane mccray and mayor bill de blasio on the day that ms. noerdlinger was appointed as ms. mccray?s chief of staff. rachel noerdlinger is at the center of a controversy that has rattled city hall and raised concerns about the vetting of mayor bill de blasio?s most senior aides. 376 comments brian harkin for the new york times squibb park bridge, linking brooklyn heights to brooklyn bridge park, was meant to be flexible.? but its bouncing became pronounced, prompting study. a new bridge bounces too far and is closed until the spring by lisa w. foderaro squibb park bridge, a popular catwalk leading from brooklyn heights to brooklyn bridge park, was designed to bounce, but just a bit. abuse cases at 2 schools, with technology at the root by kate zernike recent cases in new jersey and brooklyn highlight how online communications have blurred boundaries between students and teachers. brooklyn tech principal addresses teacher?s arrest nyt now ?ngel franco/the new york times flushing creek in flushing meadows-corona park is lined with phragmites, an invasive reed. long neglected, lakes and ponds in city parks will get some attention by lisa w. foderaro the parks department is assessing the challenges associated with cleaning up four dozen bodies of water. anthony lanzilote for the new york times gabriela rosa, former assemblywoman from manhattan, committed marriage fraud. prison for ex-manhattan assemblywoman in sham marriage case by the associated press gabriela rosa, who served in the new york legislature as a democrat, received a one-year sentence for using a fake marriage to gain citizenship. nathaniel brooks for the new york times gov. andrew m. cuomo and his running mate, kathy hochul, at a rally on saturday in albany sponsored by the women?s equality party. at cuomo campaign rallies, a focus on women?s issues by thomas kaplan 4:44 pm et gov. andrew m. cuomo, on a tour of upstate new york, called for passage of the women?s equality act, which includes abortion rights. cuomo pledges ?progress? in a second term, with the details still to come by thomas kaplan in seeking re-election, gov. andrew m. cuomo has announced few big ideas for the next four years, saying he is running on his record. an opponent says he has an ?imperialistic attitude.? bryan thomas for the new york times a photograph of sister miriam teresa demjanovich in a chapel of the sisters of charity of st. elizabeth in convent station, n.j. a nun from new jersey is on a path to sainthood by tatiana schlossberg sister miriam teresa demjanovich, who died in 1927, will be honored by the roman catholic church at a mass in newark, n.j., a step on the path to sainthood. lily mcbeth, a focal figure for transgender rights, dies at 80 by douglas martin a substitute teacher drew national attention after wanting to return to the classroom following a sex-change operation. mary lea bandy, film preservationist for moma, dies at 71 by daniel e. slotnik ms. bandy, a film curator, raced to find and restore early prints and vastly expanded the museum of modern art?s collection. armed man killed by police winning lottery numbers for oct. 3, 2014 october 3, 2014 new york parking alert: alternate-side rules suspended through monday by the new york times the alternate-side street-cleaning regulations will be suspended in the city from saturday to monday because of eid al-adha and yom kippur. go to city room ? crime scene where was he during the shooting? cameras prove fickle in this tale by michael wilson a brooklyn man, pulled out of bed and arrested in the shooting of a 12-year-old boy, insisted he was not involved. metropolitan degrees and difficulty community college students face a very long road to graduation by ginia bellafante for the 50,000 students at laguardia community college, the challenges can seem insurmountable. 28 comments video: the art of the degree at comic con, a fanfare for the fanboys by laura parker an orchestral performance for the lead-up to comic con will include contemporary classical works alongside music from film, television and video games. go to metropolitan ? around new york a brooklyn home for artists, with love by alexis soloski the bushwick starr, a dingy, elegant but strangely welcoming performance space in brooklyn, has become a bright spot on the off off broadway map. hungry city | com tam ninh kieu rice and noodles in many guises by ligaya mishan the menu at com tam ninh kieu in the bronx focuses on broken-rice dishes and noodle soups. comments bye, hornet?s nest: it?s back to new york by deborah solomon jeffrey deitch is releasing ?live the art: 15 years of deitch projects,? which chronicles his gallery. art review the artist next door by ken johnson ?crossing brooklyn,? at the brooklyn museum, showcases artists who live and work in the borough. album in bicycle race, breaking away in stages by peter madsen this year?s east coast messenger stage race shifted from a tempered tour-de-france-style endeavor to a frantic alley cat race. devin yalkin for the new york times juliana sohn for the new york times barton silverman/the new york times todd heisler/the new york times benjamin norman for the new york times yana paskova for the new york times christian hansen for the new york times cassandra giraldo barton silverman/the new york times jake naughton/the new york times viviana peretti gregg vigliotti for the new york times gregg vigliotti for the new york times emon hassan for the new york times sabine mirlesse for the new york times karsten moran for the new york times devin yalkin for the new york times damon winter/the new york times nicole bengiveno/the new york times nancy borowick for the new york times dave sanders for the new york times the new york times damon winter/the new york times chang w. lee/the new york times joshua bright for the new york times michael kirby smith for the new york times suzanne dechillo/the new york times brian harkin for the new york times yana paskova for the new york times kirsten luce for the new york times damon winter/the new york times chang w. lee/the new york times new york panorama every sunday in the metropolitan section, a photographer offers a new slice of new york. city room new york city?s week in pictures: oct. 3 by the new york times a slide show from the past week in new york city and the region includes photos of a police officer?s funeral, the indian prime minister?s manhattan audience and the world?s largest tuba. metropolitan diary subway sleep: a poem october 3, 2014 an awkward date at the modern october 2, 2014 a beer at the plaza october 1, 2014 more reader tales from the city ? event listings events on long island for oct 5-11, 2014 events in westchester for oct. 5-11, 2014 events in new jersey for oct. 5-11, 2014 events in connecticut for oct 5-11, 2014 follow @nytmetro on twitter twitter for the latest news, analysis and journalists' perspectives. twitter list of staff journalists ? follow timesvideo more new york videos ? play video sharee-mailtwitterfacebook n.y./region the art of the degree vladimir de jesus, a community college student, dreams of becoming an art teacher. but after first enrolling at laguardia community college in 2008, he?s still working toward his degree. previous next the art of the degreechef marcus samuelsson?s workoutliving city | finally, a 2nd ave. subwaythe speed in central parkplaying a titanic tubanew york in 101 objectsliving city | where does our trash go?sounding off on climate changeomnipresence: new stop-and-frisk?woody guthrie, new yorkera day at the operasliving city | a tale of two bridges36 hours in central park, new yorkpastor with a punchrolling up a picassohunting for autographs at the u.s. opena ferguson activist in new yorkd-day for pre-kthe voice of horse racing in new yorkone residence, two different worldsa liquid fearmayor announces pre-k figuresa fire for ganeshintersection | eclectic in meatpackingmarchers demand justice for eric garnermoney talks. we sing.double visionintersection | ridgewood revivallife after a heroin overdosefrom street art to high artdressing up in times squaremoving crosstownwhat?s behind the possible met lockoutsweat-free soho stylechallenges of the city chickenthe workout doctorchinatown?s renegade sportwhat an l.i.r.r. strike could look likea beating at rikersintersection | southern boulevard, bronxvows | the wedding watchersracing canoes in the hudsonremembering the rebbeparking dance in new york cityinside firefighter schoolbaptism by firethe fight over new standardsriding the thunderboltrecalling 1994 in sportsa school tackles cyberbullyingvows | a nearly missed connectiona japanese buzz in the bronxturning sturgeon into high-tech sensorshollywood falls for brooklynlindy hop: celebrating frankie manninglarry kramer: the fighting heartthe keepers of 9/11the letter that survived 9/11everyman?s griefthe window into her soulthe searcherspulling big brother?s strings insteadthrift store shame, then pridedog owners square off against birders90 and facing evictionbrooklyn tenants unionizeselling off the newark bearsrise of the milkbotsscuba diving in brooklynriding new york city?s desire linethink back: new york world?s fair, 1964intersection: elmhurst style easeinside prison with ponteplanet albanybrooklyn?s dance feverevicted, a hoarder clears outde blasio?s update on blast in harlemvincent's painting classde blasio on east harlem explosionscenes from the building collapsenew yorkers: earl stricklandplaying for pleasurea hoarder tries to let goanna's espressosuperheroes heading to new yorka brooklyn inspiration for ?frozen?the fight for 98 lindenoysters make a comeback?elijah and jeremiah?derek jeter talks retirementoff the runway | before the showthe school snow runde blasio's 2014 state of the citythe beatles, by the numberscoach granby: going out a winnernew yorkers: john youngaitisbroadway dims lights for hoffmanphilip seymour hoffman?s many rolesbill cunningham | game onaffordable housing conundrum the times close up sam roberts takes an inside look at the most compelling articles in sunday's times at 10 p.m. on saturdays and 10 a.m. on sundays, on ny1 news. this week?s guests include rob astorino, the republican challenging gov. andrew m. cuomo; the author laura silver; and the times?s charles m. blow. video: previous shows &lt;a target=\"_blank\" href=\"http://adclick.g.doubleclick.net/pcs/click?xai=akaojss9v_lmmot3d6doov2vsmauvltyzbiubzgjrdqjvjets407gmzgqdbmwv2etibr4a8rna-ayo8ikdiephpedilwmd-dnhlubut1_ps9owcl7v9ywwncfehf8qgbsh5osannf7bkaky&amp;sig=cg0arkjszdrsp3mx4wsaeae&amp;adurl=http://www.nytimes.com/adx/bin/adx_click.html%3ftype%3dgoto%26opzn%26page%3dwww.nytimes.com/pages/nyregion/index.html%26pos%3dsfmiddle%26camp%3dmass-offic-travel-1954517%26ad%3d300x250-111553218%26sn2%3d8dfce1f6/9926f9b3%26snr%3ddoubleclick%26snx%3d1412461228%26sn1%3d9bb18932/8a9d9b17%26goto%3dhttp://www.massvacation.com/fall/\"&gt;&lt;img src=\"http://s0.2mdn.net/2647765/2-mass-fall-300x250.jpg\" width=\"300\" height=\"250\" border=\"0\" alt=\"advertisement\" galleryimg=\"no\"&gt;&lt;/a&gt; &lt;a href=\"http://www.nytimes.com/adx/bin/adx_click.html?type=goto&amp;opzn&amp;page=www.nytimes.com/pages/nyregion/index.html&amp;pos=sfmiddle&amp;sn2=8dfce1f6/9926f9b3&amp;sn1=69d43388/3b6b7663&amp;camp=mass-offic-travel-1954517&amp;ad=300x250-111553218&amp;goto=http://ad.doubleclick.net/jump/n6029.6440.newyorktimesonthewebn/b8266058.111553218;sz=300x250;pc=nyt257350a383475;ord=2014.10.04.22.31.51?\" target=\"_blank\"&gt; &lt;img src=\"http://ad.doubleclick.net/ad/n6029.6440.newyorktimesonthewebn/b8266058.111553218;sz=300x250;pc=nyt257350a383475;ord=2014.10.04.22.31.51?\" border=0 width=300 height=250 alt=\"click here\"&gt;&lt;/a&gt; a free mobile guide to our favorite things in new york city, including restaurants, bars, coffee shops, music and events. download the iphone app | get the web app noteworthy cultural events in new york city and beyond. sat todaysun 5mon 6tue 7 artharun farocki at greene naftalidancekyle abraham/abraham.in.motion at new york live artsjazzterence blanchard at jazz standard see all event listings ? most popular - n.y. / region emailed viewed degrees and difficulty: community college students face a very long road to graduation a new bridge bounces too far and is closed until the spring a nun from new jersey is on a path to sainthood at city hall, backstage player is cast in main stage uproar abuse cases at 2 schools, with technology at the root fighting to honor a father?s last wish: to die at home lily mcbeth, a focal figure for transgender rights, dies at 80 seeking dean?s firing, seminary professors end up jobless about new york: bureaucracy turns a hero into a rogue long neglected, lakes and ponds in city parks will get some attention go to complete list ? at city hall, backstage player is cast in main stage uproar abuse cases at 2 schools, with technology at the root degrees and difficulty: community college students face a very long road to graduation a new bridge bounces too far and is closed until the spring prison for ex-manhattan assemblywoman in sham marriage case city room: beneath central park, a teeming universe lily mcbeth, a focal figure for transgender rights, dies at 80 a nun from new jersey is on a path to sainthood crime scene: where was he during the shooting? cameras prove fickle in this tale long neglected, lakes and ponds in city parks will get some attention go to complete list ? metro columns big cityginia bellafantesunday the working liferachel l. swarnsmonday side streetdavid gonzalezalternating mondays the appraisalmatt a.v. chabantuesday building blocksdavid w. dunlapthursday about new yorkjim dwyerwednesday, friday crime scenemichael wilsonsaturday in the region news, reviews and arts coverage from around new york. new jerseydining ? arts connecticutdining ? arts westchesterdining ? arts long islanddining ? arts townhome-stylecondos in world-classbrooklyn bridge park on the trail of the mighty maya travel with four times-selected specialists tour key unesco sites of central america sail aboard the ms ryndam featured expert: thomas edsall, new york times journalist departs march 8, 2015; from $2,656.13 book now at nytimes.com/timesjourneys ? campaign: nyt2014_journeysmodule_timesjourney_evergreen -- 257352, creative: timesjourneys_sep_evergreen_1 -- 383437, page: www.nytimes.com/pages/nyregion/index.html, targetedpage: www.nytimes.com/pages/nyregion/index.html, position: sfbottom1 ? 2014 the new york times company site map privacy your ad choices advertise terms of sale terms of service work with us rss help contact us site feedback &lt;div&gt;&lt;img alt=\"dcsimg\" id=\"dcsimg\" width=\"1\" height=\"1\" src=\"http://wt.o.nytimes.com/dcsym57yw10000s1s8g0boozt_9t1x/njs.gif?dcsuri=/nojavascript&amp;amp;wt.js=no&amp;amp;wt.tv=1.0.7\"/&gt;&lt;/div&gt; closeafricaamericasasia pacificeuropemiddle eastat warindia inksinosphereeducationfirst draftelectionscity roomartsbeateventsdealbookeconomyenergymarketsmediasmall businessyour moneyop-ed columnistseditorialscontributing writersop-ed contributorsopinionatorletterssunday reviewtaking noteroom for debatepublic editorcartoonsbitspersonal techenvironmentspace &amp; cosmoswellhealth guidefitness &amp; nutritionmoney &amp; policythe new old ageviewsbaseballbasketball: collegebasketball: n.b.a.football: collegefootball: n.f.l.golfhockeysoccertennisart &amp; designartsbeatbooksdancemoviesmusicn.y.c. events guidetelevisiontheatervideo gamest magazinemotherlodeon the runwayweddingscookingrestaurantscommercial real estategreat homes &amp; destinationsmy real estateu.s. &amp; politicsinternationalnew yorkopiniontimes documentariesbusinesstechnologyculturestylehealthdining &amp; winetravelsportsreal estatesciencecrosswordstoday's paperobituariesautomobilescorrectionsmultimediaphotographyclassifiedstools &amp; servicesjobstimes topicsblogsnyt storetimes journeyssubscribemanage accountcharles m. blowdavid brooksfrank bruniroger cohengail collinsross douthatmaureen dowdthomas l. friedmannicholas kristofpaul krugmanjoe noceraeditionu.s.international??? (chinese)helpfaqcontact uslog in to nytimes.comcloseemail/member id:password:forgot your password?don't have an nytimes.com account? register now for free.remember meregister at nytimes.comcloseemail:password:retype password:receive occasional updates and special offers for the new york times?s products and services.already have an nytimes.com account? log in.closesharefacebooktwittergoogle+tumblrlinkedinpinterestredditemailpermalink", "bull": 0}, {"raw_text": "nytimes.com no longer supports internet explorer 8 or earlier. please upgrade your browser. learn more ? skip to content skip to navigation view mobile version health|a plan to use survivors? blood for ebola treatment in africa search sponsored by search nytimes.com http://nyti.ms/1x7ndg3 loading... see next articles see previous articles home page home page world u.s. politics new york business business opinion opinion technology science health sports sports arts arts fashion &amp; style fashion &amp; style dining &amp; wine dining &amp; wine home &amp; garden travel magazine real estate video crosswords times premier the upshot more africa americas asia pacific europe middle east at war india ink sinosphere education first draft elections city room artsbeat events dealbook economy energy markets media small business your money dealbook economy energy markets media small business your money op-ed columnists editorials contributing writers op-ed contributors opinionator letters sunday review taking note room for debate public editor cartoons op-ed columnists editorials contributing writers op-ed contributors opinionator letters sunday review taking note room for debate public editor cartoons bits personal tech environment space &amp; cosmos well health guide fitness &amp; nutrition money &amp; policy the new old age views baseball basketball: college basketball: n.b.a. football: college football: n.f.l. golf hockey soccer tennis baseball basketball: college basketball: n.b.a. football: college football: n.f.l. golf hockey soccer tennis art &amp; design artsbeat books dance movies music n.y.c. events guide television theater video games art &amp; design artsbeat books dance movies music n.y.c. events guide television theater video games t magazine motherlode on the runway weddings t magazine motherlode on the runway weddings cooking restaurants cooking restaurants commercial real estate great homes &amp; destinations my real estate u.s. &amp; politics international new york opinion times documentaries business technology culture style health dining &amp; wine travel sports real estate science the upshot crosswords today's paper obituaries automobiles corrections multimedia photography classifieds tools &amp; services jobs times topics blogs nyt store times journeys subscribe manage account charles m. blow david brooks frank bruni roger cohen gail collins ross douthat maureen dowd thomas l. friedman nicholas kristof paul krugman joe nocera charles m. blow david brooks frank bruni roger cohen gail collins ross douthat maureen dowd thomas l. friedman nicholas kristof paul krugman joe nocera health |??nyt now a plan to use survivors? blood for ebola treatment in africa by andrew pollackoct. 3, 2014 inside photo health officials hope to recruit survivors, like julius prout of liberia, to give blood to help others. credit jerome delay/associated press continue reading the main story continue reading the main story continue reading the main story share this page continue reading the main story continue reading the main story with no proven drugs to treat ebola and experimental ones in short supply, the health authorities are planning to turn instead to a treatment that is walking around in the outbreak zone in west africa.that would be the blood of people who have been sickened by the ebola virus but have since recovered. their blood should contain antibodies that might help other patients fight off the infection.the world health organization is making it a priority to try such convalescent blood or plasma, as it is called, and is talking with the affected countries about how to do it.this week, the organization issued guidance on how to collect the blood and administer transfusions.?the concept that this treatment could be efficacious is biologically plausible, as convalescent plasma has been used successfully for the treatment of a variety of infectious agents,? the w.h.o. guidance document says. continue reading the main story related coverage dallas hospital alters account, raising questions on ebola caseoct. 3, 2014 ebola crisis brings an abundance of caution into a dallas community oct. 3, 2014 how to help in efforts to stem ebola?s tideoct. 2, 2014 graphic what are the chances ebola will spread in the united states?july 31, 2014 plausibility, however, is not proof that such treatments would work for ebola and some virologists doubt it will. the results of studies in monkeys were discouraging, they note. continue reading the main story are there drugs to treat ebola? full graphic ? host cell ebola virus viral rna ebola virus infects cells by injecting viral rna. antibodies ebola virus blood from ebola survivors might be used to treat patients. zmapp zmapp, an experimental drug, might help patients. there will also be logistical problems carrying this out in west africa, where blood banks are not well developed. one challenge will be to make sure that the donated blood, even if it helps patients recover from ebola, does not give them h.i.v. or hepatitis.?major questions need to be answered about the safety and efficacy of convalescent therapies, and the feasibility of implementation in countries with shattered health systems and an acute shortage of medical staff,? the w.h.o. said in a separate statement released a week ago.still, with the epidemic spiraling out of control, there is a sense that some treatment needs to be offered, even if only to give sick people hope and a reason to go to medical centers, where they can be stopped from spreading the disease to others. and there are really no other good options.?the attraction is, at least on the surface, it is something that could be implemented readily,? said dr. daniel bausch, an expert on ebola at tulane university and an adviser to the health organization.continue reading the main story continue reading the main story related in opinion room for debate: how to stop the spread of ebola?oct. 2, 2014 the bill &amp; melinda gates foundation and the wellcome trust are among the organizations championing convalescent plasma and working on how to put it into effect.?blood is donated in west africa every day of the week for surgery and other things and could be safely tested for viruses,? said dr. jeremy farrar, director of the wellcome trust.such therapies have already been used in the current outbreak. dr. kent brantly, an american aid worker who contracted ebola in liberia, received a blood transfusion from a boy who had recovered. after dr. brantly survived his bout with the disease, some of his plasma was given to another american aid worker, dr. rick sacra, who also recovered.but it is not known whether the transfusions helped in those cases, since both men also received experimental drugs and excellent supportive care in american hospitals.authorities say this approach has been used in africa, but to a limited extent. there have even been rumors of a black market for the blood of survivors. dr. margaret chan, the director general of the w.h.o., said in a news conference last month that her organization would work to stamp out underground use of blood because such a therapy must be administered properly and safely.continue reading the main story continue reading the main story the use of blood or plasma ? either from recovered patients or from animals deliberately exposed to a pathogen ? dates from the late 1800s, and for decades was a mainstay of treatment for infectious diseases. emil von behring, a german physician scientist, won the first nobel prize in physiology or medicine in 1901 for pioneering the serum approach for diphtheria.convalescent therapies were used, apparently with some success, in the spanish flu pandemic of 1918. and such treatments are still used for rabies, snake bites, hepatitis a and b, and other diseases. but for some viral diseases, like hepatitis c and the human immunodeficiency virus, it has not been shown to work. continue reading the main story more ebola coverage many of the treatments used today are made by pooling the plasma of many donors and processing it to get high concentrations of the desired antibodies. that is probably not going to be feasible in africa because of a lack of technology and the large-scale facilities to do it, according to executives in the plasma products industry.the simplest approach would be to use whole blood donated by one person and transfused into another. that has some risk of side effects, like allergic reactions, though not much if the blood types of donor and recipient match.a better approach, experts say, would be to transfuse only plasma, the clear part of the blood that contains the antibodies. plasma can be obtained by letting the blood cells settle and drawing off the plasma.even better would be to use apheresis machines, which collect only the plasma from the donor. people can donate plasma alone much more frequently than they can donate whole blood, which can be an advantage if there are not many survivors willing to donate. experts say it would be feasible to bring in such machines for use in the better-equipped treatment centers in west africa.one challenge could be testing donated blood to make sure it is truly free of ebola virus, as well as of h.i.v., hepatitis b, hepatitis c and syphilis.albert farrugia, vice president for global access at the plasma protein therapeutics association, a trade group, said there are ways to inactivate viruses in donated plasma that might be feasible to deploy in africa. one such approach treats the plasma with solvents and detergents in a plastic bag.convalescent blood or plasma has been tried for ebola since the virus first emerged in 1976. that year, a woman in the democratic republic of congo, known then as zaire, received plasma from a person who had recovered from the related marburg virus, however, she still died, according to the health organization.in november of that year, a researcher in britain who was working with material from the african outbreak accidentally pricked himself and got sick. he received two transfusions of serum from survivors in africa, as well as the antiviral drug interferon. he eventually recovered.in the 1995 outbreak in kikwit, also in congo, seven of eight people who received convalescent whole blood survived, a survival rate far better than the 20 percent for the outbreak as a whole. still, the patients got a higher than usual standard of care that may have accounted, in part, for the better survival rate.testing in primates has not found serum to be effective against ebola. after one of their negative studies, united states government researchers wrote in a 2007 paper: ?given these discouraging results and the risks of transmitting infection, whole-blood transfusions, even under desperate epidemic conditions, seem unwarranted.?but now there are desperate conditions and plans are moving ahead. one of the authors of that paper, dr. thomas w. geisbert, now with the university of texas medical branch in galveston, said that as long as the blood was adequately screened for viruses, the transfusions should do no harm, even if they do not help.the w.h.o. says trying such therapies will have a benefit beyond ebola by developing the capacity in west africa to do transfusions in general. that could help in treating injuries, other diseases like malaria and yellow fever, and complications of childbirth. correction: october 3, 2014 a previous version of this article misquoted a statement by the world health organization. the organization said, in part, ?...the feasibility of implementation in countries with shattered health systems...,? not ?...the feasibility of implantation in countries with shattered health systems...? a version of this article appears in print on october 4, 2014, on page a12 of the new york edition with the headline: health officials plan use of ebola survivors? blood as a treatment. order reprints|today's paper|subscribe more on nytimes.com site index news world u.s. politics new york business technology science health sports education obituaries today's paper corrections opinion today's opinion op-ed columnists editorials contributing writers op-ed contributors opinionator letters sunday review taking note room for debate public editor video: opinion arts today's arts art &amp; design artsbeat books dance movies music n.y.c. events guide television theater video games video: arts living automobiles crosswords dining &amp; wine education fashion &amp; style health home &amp; garden jobs magazine n.y.c. events guide real estate t magazine travel weddings &amp; celebrations listings &amp; more classifieds tools &amp; services times topics public editor n.y.c. events guide tv listings blogs cartoons multimedia photography video nyt store times journeys subscribe manage my account subscribe subscribe times premier home delivery digital subscriptions nyt now nyt opinion email newsletters alerts crosswords gift subscriptions corporate subscriptions education rate mobile applications replica edition international new york times ? 2014 the new york times company home search contact us work with us advertise your ad choices privacy terms of service terms of sale site map help site feedback subscriptions", "bull": 0}, {"raw_text": "home pageworldu.s.politicsnew yorkbusinessopiniontechnologysciencehealthsportsartsfashion &amp; styledining &amp; winehome &amp; gardentravelmagazinereal estatevideothe upshotmore home page today's paper video most popular u.s.?editioninternational edition??? (chinese) sectionssearch search all nytimes.com subscribe now campaign: nyt2014_bar1_duallp_buttononly_ie7_48f66 -- 252929, creative: nyt2014_bar1_buttononly_dual_48f66 -- 377235, page: www.nytimes.com/pages/national/index.html, targetedpage: www.nytimes.com/pages/national/index.html, position: bar1 sign in register saturday, october 4, 2014 u.s. world u.s. politicseducationtexas n.y. / region business technology science health sports opinion arts style travel jobs real estate autos &lt;a target=\"_blank\" href=\"http://ad.doubleclick.net/activity;src=1943517;met=1;v=1;pid=111810712;aid=284875381;ko=0;cid=59658207;rid=59546983;rv=1;cs=a;eid1=1953188;ecn1=1;etm1=0;_dc_redir=url?http://adclick.g.doubleclick.net/pcs/click?xai=akaojsscvbmxre6iel-vdsmanaz-ittbyjdsmkisknymdo2slqxiq2uam_zsy6s2mbg3tc5za0c2uty4oyuqftllazstac9lkjybda-zn9ixzy-3xpdsxgsuqb13xkyfg3xeroccmakp8w&amp;sig=cg0arkjszbeccrvibppceae&amp;adurl=http://www.nytimes.com/adx/bin/adx_click.html%3ftype%3dgoto%26opzn%26page%3dwww.nytimes.com/pages/national/index.html%26pos%3dtopad%26camp%3damazon_fire_tv_q3_2014_1953019%26ad%3d970x31_amazonfiretv_usrb0930-b8168806.111810712%26sn2%3d7dd07f27/f11f1311%26snr%3ddoubleclick%26snx%3d1412461189%26sn1%3d5936883e/111f74e4%26goto%3dhttp://www.amazon.com/fire_phone_13mp-camera_32gb/dp/b00eoe0wkq\"&gt; &lt;img border=\"0\" alt=\"\" src=\"//s0.2mdn.net/ads/richmedia/studio/pv2/33892620/20140924215926484/project_hermosa_970x31_backup.jpg\" width=\"970\" height=\"31\" /&gt; &lt;/a&gt; &lt;img width=\"0px\" height=\"0px\" style=\"visibility:hidden\" border=\"0\" alt=\"\" src=\"http://ad.doubleclick.net/activity;src=1943517;met=1;v=1;pid=111810712;aid=284875381;ko=0;cid=59658207;rid=59546983;rv=1;&amp;timestamp=2646777295;eid1=9;ecn1=1;etm1=0;\" /&gt; &lt;a href=\"http://www.nytimes.com/adx/bin/adx_click.html?type=goto&amp;opzn&amp;page=www.nytimes.com/pages/national/index.html&amp;pos=topad&amp;sn2=7dd07f27/f11f1311&amp;sn1=2f6d7872/f47260b8&amp;camp=amazon_fire_tv_q3_2014_1953019&amp;ad=970x31_amazonfiretv_usrb0930-b8168806.111810712&amp;goto=http://ad.doubleclick.net/jump/n624.276948.nytimes/b8168806.111810712;sz=970x31;pc=nyt258283a384740;ord=2014.10.04.22.31.53?\" target=\"_blank\"&gt; &lt;img src=\"http://ad.doubleclick.net/ad/n624.276948.nytimes/b8168806.111810712;sz=970x31;pc=nyt258283a384740;ord=2014.10.04.22.31.53?\" border=0 width=970 height=31 alt=\"click here\"&gt;&lt;/a&gt; as ebola fears widen, reports of possible cases grow by manny fernandez and robert pear 4:20 pm et federal officials have assessed more than 100 potential cases, but the only confirmed case is in dallas, where the condition of the man with ebola was downgraded to critical. retracing the steps of the dallas ebola patient nyt now dallas hospital alters account, raising questions on ebola case by manny fernandez, michael d. shear and abby goodnough cooper neill for the new york times a haz-mat crew at an apartment where an ebola patient stayed. while officials in texas assured the public the disease had been contained, the white house sought to calm americans? fears about ebola entering the country. ebola crisis brings an abundance of caution into a dallas community by manny fernandez in a working-class immigrant neighborhood northeast of dallas many people are having second thoughts about even the most casual of contact. for journalists, a stark reminder of the risk in covering a deadly epidemic by ravi somaiya and emily steel american news organizations with teams in west africa are following federal safety recommendations, and some are taking extra precautions. ashoka mukpo, nbc cameraman with ebola, to return to u.s. well: ask well: how does ebola spread? how long can the virus survive? graphic: what are the chances ebola will spread in the united states? a plan to use survivors? blood for ebola treatment in africa darren hauck/associated press michelle obama at a rally in milwaukee for mary burke, the democratic candidate for governor why is first lady scarce in campaign? her last name is obama by jackie calmes mrs. obama, unlike hillary rodham clinton in 1998, will keep to a fairly limited path as she stumps for candidates, some of whom are trying to distance themselves from the president. texas women forced to reassess after new ruling on abortions by laura tillman and erik eckholm thirteen clinics across texas were forced to stop performing abortions because they did not meet the standards of a hospital-style surgery center, as now mandated by law. decision allows abortion law, forcing 13 texas clinics to close nyt now virginia cases show vulnerability of women on campus by jennifer steinhauer the safety of female students is a focus at the university of virginia after a man was linked to the recent disappearance of hannah graham, a student, and a killing in 2009. jobless rate in u.s. falls below 6% as hiring picks up by dionne searcey and jonathan weisman a surprisingly rosy jobs report appeared to be too little, too late for democrats in struggling midterm campaigns. 584 comments the upshot: a strong jobs report, charted | but wage growth is subdued nyt now judge orders disclosure of guant?namo videos by charlie savage a federal judge cited the first amendment in overriding the government?s argument for keeping secret classified tapes showing the forced feeding of a detainee. after uproar, school board in colorado scraps anti-protest curriculum by jack healy the board backed away from a proposal to teach students the ?benefits of the free enterprise system? while avoiding lessons that condoned civil disorder. as protests persist, ferguson transfers security to county by julie bosman the st. louis county police department will take responsibility for maintaining order as demonstrators continue to gather nightly to demand justice for michael brown and the policeman who shot him. florida starts new inquiry into fatal shooting of deputy?s girlfriend in 2010 by walt bogdanich a special prosecutor will re-examine the case of michelle o?connell, a deputy sheriff?s girlfriend who was in the process of breaking up with him when she died. her death in 2010 was ruled a suicide. deal saves historic nashville studio by richard fausset the 49-year-old rca studio a, which has hosted the likes of dolly parton, loretta lynn and b. b. king, had been scheduled for demolition to make way for condominiums until a preservationist named aubrey preston stepped in. on religion a christian apologist and an atheist thrive in an improbable bond by samuel g. freedman patrick arsenault?s perspective as an atheist came into play in david skeel?s book ?true paradox: how christianity makes sense of our complex world.? justices weighing wages for after-work screenings by steven greenhouse a class action brought by amazon warehouse workers asserts that their employer should pay them for the time they spent waiting to undergo security checks. dealbook hackers? attack cracked 10 companies in major assault by matthew goldstein, nicole perlroth and david e. sanger as the breadth and potential source of the attack on jpmorgan chase became clearer, washington officials urgently expressed concern about the potential for more serious attacks in the future. ways to protect yourself after the jpmorgan hacking u.s. judge dismisses 6-state suit over california egg law by the associated press the ruling gives california a big victory in a cross-country battle over a law intended to improve living conditions for laying hens. more news biden apologizes to turkish president 4:17 pm et lily mcbeth, a focal figure for transgender rights, dies at 80 martin perl, 87, is dead; nobel-winning physicist pennsylvania: fire damages buildings at flight 93 memorial missouri: court rules for same-sex couples news from the associated press ? flag from 9/11 is lost in flight 93 memorial fire 13 minutes ago heat from north to south smothers california 19 minutes ago ncaa, penn state lose round in suit over $60m fine 22 minutes ago waylon jennings' items up for auction in phoenix 25 minutes ago from the magazine first mitt isn?t ready to call it quits by mark leibovich far from the scrum of the campaign trail, the former nominee reflects on the calls for his return. 570 comments retro report the head-scratching case of the vanishing bees by clyde haberman several years ago, beekeepers were vexed: honeybees, those versatile workhorses of pollination, were vanishing by the millions. 88 comments video: the mystery of the missing bees times topic: retro report the upshot the best places to find a mate (who has a job) by damon darlin clarksville, tenn., might be fun for single women. we look at other places where, according to research, the odds are good for both sexes. 20 comments when higher education doesn?t deliver on its promise october 4, 2014 2:52 pm et by kevin carey obama is unlikely to get credit for a falling unemployment rate october 3, 2014 by megan thee-brenan a strong jobs report, charted october 3, 2014 by neil irwin go to the upshot ? share your story of detroit by the new york times new york times journalists would like to hear from current, former and new residents of detroit about their experiences living in the city. detroit: ruin and renewal nyt now not a ?pta mom? october 3, 2014 your turn: a weekend thread, open for comments october 3, 2014 the family table: slow-cooker tacos, sesame noodles and meatloaf october 3, 2014 go to blog ? contribute to our reporting the times would like to hear from americans who have signed up for health care under the affordable care act. share your experience ? education life alternative routes to medicine, law and business in the caribbean, second-chance med school the d.o. is in now this is law school? time management: the one-year m.b.a.nyt now go to education life expanded coverage of texas is provided by the texas tribune. south texas drilling country saying no to waste austin city council is primed for an ideological shift in november full coverage ? national columnists dan barry ?this land? explores obscure and well-known corners of the united states. adam liptak ?sidebar? covers and considers developments in the world of law. from opinion opinion learning from fungi by jonathan reisman 2:30 pm et each medical case, like each mushroom, is a diagnostic puzzle. news analysis we want privacy, but can?t stop sharing by kate murphy 12:55 pm et what happens to intimacy, when all our secrets are already online? follow @nytnational on twitter twitter for the latest news and analysis from our reporters and editors. staff twitter list ? follow timesvideo more u.s. videos ? play video sharee-mailtwitterfacebook u.s. flying low, dodging towers crop-duster pilots working around wind farms are encountering a new and proliferating hazard camouflaged among the fields, one that has already led to several deaths. previous next flying low, dodging towersfirst draft | paul on gridlockthe mystery of the missing beesbrown?s ?rape list,? revisitedfull speech: obama at the u.n.g.a.first draft | blunt on gridlockfirst draft | warren on gridlockclimate change underfootfirst draft | biden on gridlockprozac: revolution in a capsuleapp smart | keeping track of politicsa health care hot potatoinside the world of longsword fightingsearching for the crashless carin ferguson, a stack of warrantsobama?s full speech about isisspeech excerpt: obama on isis strategyobama?s case for airstrikes in syriaswat: mission creepa ferguson activist in new yorkapp smart | back to schoolbehind the blackwater trialquake damage and spilled wine in napahealing hempmichael brown?s bodydevoted to rural americathe long march to peacewho speaks wukchumni?one family faces the immigration debatefrom field to front officea protest ignitedreaction to news conferences in fergusonstandoff in fergusonkey hashtags in ?black twitter? activismlife after a heroin overdoseexclusive interview: obama on the worldobama on america?s place in the worldwe welcome nuclear wastehigh and dry in pot countrya who?s who of the u.s.-africa summitmy life after mansonthe marijuana dividehow the house decided to sue obamaa prison routine turns deadlya carter for governor, againbirds versus wind turbinesin mexico, a stalled journeyhis fair ladiesthe immigration debate?s twin issuescalifornia?s extreme drought, explainedsurprising fourth of july factsthe animal whisperermarion barry in his own wordshog hunting for survivalcheckpoint showdownkevin mccarthy?s tea party bona fides?this isn?t about farmer brown anymore?koch county, kansascasey kasem, an american voicethe fight over new standardswhom to watch in the g.o.p. shufflehagel on bergdahl trade at house hearingrecalling 1994 in sportsa school tackles cyberbullyingjune 3 primaries | the upshot countdownmajor malfunction: revisiting challengerthe politics of obama?s climate movehow to catch a bike thiefthe truth behind a fatal g.m. crashselling democrats in red stateshow dna changed the world of forensicshow it happens | forest firespulling big brother?s strings insteadthe dark shadow of agent orangesaving sergeant savagesqueezed by poverty?s grip in californiapicking a winner: the 1998 n.f.l. draftnuclear power?s promise and perilscott walker?s prospectsboston marathon daythe enduring legacy of terri schiavoriding new york city?s desire lineawesome con fans try to break recordtimes minute | boston bombing tributeon shaky groundtimes minute | next steps after sebeliustimes minute | why l.b.j. still mattersthe ?superpredator? scarea military town: bonded to fort hoodofficials discuss fort hood shootingtreating the newly insuredthe shame of the churcha week in search and rescuea backyard rodeoabu ghaith?s lawyer on convictionhouston fire rescue caught on videoobama on end of n.s.a. data collectionhow it happens | mudslidesrescuers fear more victims in mudslideobama on washington state mudslide times topics: find news by state times topics in the news guns and gun control | immigration | boston marathon bombing | u.s. economy | health care | religion | same-sex marriage | the supreme court | hurricanes most popular - u.s. emailed viewed dallas hospital alters account, raising questions on ebola case virginia cases show vulnerability of women on campus with dry taps and toilets, california drought turns desperate on religion: a christian apologist and an atheist thrive in an improbable bond deal saves historic nashville studio as housing costs soar, san francisco seeks ballot solution some blacks see secret service as flawed shield for the president after uproar, school board in colorado scraps anti-protest curriculum why is first lady scarce in campaign? her last name is obama flying low, dodging towers go to complete list ? dallas hospital alters account, raising questions on ebola case why is first lady scarce in campaign? her last name is obama with dry taps and toilets, california drought turns desperate dallas man critical as ebola fears and false alarms abound health officials in dallas pinpoint 10 people most at risk for ebola virginia cases show vulnerability of women on campus ebola crisis brings an abundance of caution into a dallas community some blacks see secret service as flawed shield for the president delay in dallas ebola cleanup as workers balk at task florida starts new inquiry into fatal shooting of deputy?s girlfriend in 2010 go to complete list ? &lt;script type=\"text/javascript\"&gt; var strtagsrc = \"//d3cxgjorprur2q.cloudfront.net/tags/tag.js?campaignid=387caplength=24\"; document.write(\"&lt;scr\"+\"ipt src=\"+strtagsrc+\"&gt;&lt;/scr\"+\"ipt&gt;\"); &lt;/script&gt; &lt;noscript&gt;&lt;a href=\"http://serve.adfootprints.com/serve/noscript_link/387/clicktag\" target=\"_blank\"&gt;&lt;img src=\"http://serve.adfootprints.com/serve/noscript_image/387\" border=\"0\"&gt;&lt;/a&gt;&lt;/noscript&gt; loading... price...... loading... price...... loading... price...... loading... price...... loading... price...... on the trail of the mighty maya travel with four times-selected specialists tour key unesco sites of central america sail aboard the ms ryndam featured expert: thomas edsall, new york times journalist departs march 8, 2015; from $2,656.13 book now at nytimes.com/timesjourneys ? campaign: nyt2014_journeysmodule_timesjourney_evergreen -- 257352, creative: timesjourneys_sep_evergreen_2 -- 383440, page: www.nytimes.com/pages/national/index.html, targetedpage: www.nytimes.com/pages/national/index.html, position: sfbottom1 ? 2014 the new york times company site map privacy your ad choices advertise terms of sale terms of service work with us rss help contact us site feedback &lt;div&gt;&lt;img alt=\"dcsimg\" id=\"dcsimg\" width=\"1\" height=\"1\" src=\"http://wt.o.nytimes.com/dcsym57yw10000s1s8g0boozt_9t1x/njs.gif?dcsuri=/nojavascript&amp;amp;wt.js=no&amp;amp;wt.tv=1.0.7\"/&gt;&lt;/div&gt; log in to nytimes.comcloseemail/member id:password:forgot your password?don't have an nytimes.com account? register now for free.remember meregister at nytimes.comcloseemail:password:retype password:receive occasional updates and special offers for the new york times?s products and services.already have an nytimes.com account? log in.closeafricaamericasasia pacificeuropemiddle eastat warindia inksinosphereeducationfirst draftelectionscity roomartsbeateventsdealbookeconomyenergymarketsmediasmall businessyour moneyop-ed columnistseditorialscontributing writersop-ed contributorsopinionatorletterssunday reviewtaking noteroom for debatepublic editorcartoonsbitspersonal techenvironmentspace &amp; cosmoswellhealth guidefitness &amp; nutritionmoney &amp; policythe new old ageviewsbaseballbasketball: collegebasketball: n.b.a.football: collegefootball: n.f.l.golfhockeysoccertennisart &amp; designartsbeatbooksdancemoviesmusicn.y.c. events guidetelevisiontheatervideo gamest magazinemotherlodeon the runwayweddingscookingrestaurantscommercial real estategreat homes &amp; destinationsmy real estateu.s. &amp; politicsinternationalnew yorkopiniontimes documentariesbusinesstechnologyculturestylehealthdining &amp; winetravelsportsreal estatesciencecrosswordstoday's paperobituariesautomobilescorrectionsmultimediaphotographyclassifiedstools &amp; servicesjobstimes topicsblogsnyt storetimes journeyssubscribemanage accountcharles m. blowdavid brooksfrank bruniroger cohengail collinsross douthatmaureen dowdthomas l. friedmannicholas kristofpaul krugmanjoe noceraeditionu.s.international??? (chinese)helpfaqcontact usclosesharefacebooktwittergoogle+tumblrlinkedinpinterestredditemailpermalink", "bull": 0}, {"raw_text": "nytimes.com no longer supports internet explorer 8 or earlier. please upgrade your browser. learn more ? skip to content skip to navigation view mobile version estate planning|a potential game changer for estate taxes on art emailsharetweetmore search sponsored by search nytimes.com http://nyti.ms/zcrf9o loading... see next articles see previous articles home page home page world u.s. politics new york business business opinion opinion technology science health sports sports arts arts fashion &amp; style fashion &amp; style dining &amp; wine dining &amp; wine home &amp; garden travel magazine real estate video crosswords times premier the upshot more navigation section u.s. edition international edition navigation section home world u.s. politics n.y. / region business day technology sports opinion science health arts style photos video most emailed navigation section automobiles blogs books dining &amp; wine education home &amp; garden magazine movies music media &amp; advertising obituaries public editor real estate sunday review t magazine television theater times wire travel weddings / celebrations corrections navigation section recommendations saved navigation section account: navigation section log out navigation section subscribe log in africa americas asia pacific europe middle east at war india ink sinosphere education first draft elections city room artsbeat events dealbook economy energy markets media small business your money dealbook economy energy markets media small business your money op-ed columnists editorials contributing writers op-ed contributors opinionator letters sunday review taking note room for debate public editor cartoons op-ed columnists editorials contributing writers op-ed contributors opinionator letters sunday review taking note room for debate public editor cartoons bits personal tech environment space &amp; cosmos well health guide fitness &amp; nutrition money &amp; policy the new old age views baseball basketball: college basketball: n.b.a. football: college football: n.f.l. golf hockey soccer tennis baseball basketball: college basketball: n.b.a. football: college football: n.f.l. golf hockey soccer tennis art &amp; design artsbeat books dance movies music n.y.c. events guide television theater video games art &amp; design artsbeat books dance movies music n.y.c. events guide television theater video games t magazine motherlode on the runway weddings t magazine motherlode on the runway weddings cooking restaurants cooking restaurants commercial real estate great homes &amp; destinations my real estate u.s. &amp; politics international new york opinion times documentaries business technology culture style health dining &amp; wine travel sports real estate science the upshot crosswords today's paper obituaries automobiles corrections multimedia photography classifieds tools &amp; services jobs times topics blogs nyt store times journeys subscribe manage account charles m. blow david brooks frank bruni roger cohen gail collins ross douthat maureen dowd thomas l. friedman nicholas kristof paul krugman joe nocera charles m. blow david brooks frank bruni roger cohen gail collins ross douthat maureen dowd thomas l. friedman nicholas kristof paul krugman joe nocera estate planning a potential game changer for estate taxes on art oct. 3, 2014 inside continue reading the main story continue reading the main story wealth matters by paul sullivan continue reading the main story share this page emailsharetweetsavemore continue reading the main story continue reading the main story in life, james a. elkins jr., a prominent houston businessman and philanthropist, amassed a portfolio of art that was the envy of museums and collectors. he owned works by pablo picasso, jackson pollock, jasper johns, david hockney, willem de kooning and other modern greats.in death, that $35 million collection is the envy of the tax man.after mr. elkins died in 2006, his estate paid millions of dollars in taxes on the art. but the internal revenue service said it was not enough and asked for another $9 million. they have been battling in court ever since.at issue is how to value fine art for tax purposes ? and the estate?s recent victory in an appellate court may help reshape the rules.the case centers on an increasingly common move among wealthy families with sizable art collections.while they were still alive, mr. elkins and his wife, who died before him, had given their three children partial shares of two groups of paintings and kept a piece for themselves. the goal, in part, was to lower the estate tax bill by giving away shares of the paintings in his lifetime while also being able to keep the art on his walls. photo james a. elkins jr., left, and his father. mr. elkins?s estate successfully fought the i.r.s. in an appellate court over discounts on estate taxes for his art collection, earning a refund of $14 million plus interest. credit dmitri kessel/the life picture collection, via getty images when he died, he still had a 50 percent interest in three works by pollock, picasso and the sculptor henry moore worth $10.6 million and a roughly 73 percent stake in another 61 pieces worth $24.58 million. his children owned the other shares equally.the tactic ? partial ownership of an asset or group of assets ? is typical for passing on private businesses or real estate holdings. in such cases, the i.r.s. generally allows discounts on the assets when figuring out the estate taxes. for family-held businesses, the discount amounts to about 30 to 50 percent of the fair market value. on real estate, it is 20 to 50 percent, according to carsten hoffmann, managing director at fmv opinions, a valuation firm.the i.r.s. does so because it recognizes that those assets might be hard to sell to someone who is not a family member. and even if someone who was not a family member bought the stakes, the price would probably be lower than fair market value because the minority, nonfamily interest would most likely have little say in the transaction.continue reading the main story but art has been treated differently. some portion of its value resides in the owner?s being able to look at it. you can?t, after all, put a third of a picasso on three people?s walls the way you can divide profits from a company. to comply with the rules of fractional ownership, the owners have to take possession of a painting for a period of time each year equal to their share.over the years, the i.r.s. has rarely given a discount for art that is split among heirs. that has been the case even though it would be difficult for the heirs to sell their shares independently ? and even assuming it was possible, a price cut would be necessary.another reason for the i.r.s.?s reluctance is the museum factor. many people donate percentages of a painting to a museum over several years so that the deduction matches their income. while the ultimate goal is to give 100 percent of the painting to the museum, people might be deterred from giving art gradually if the i.r.s. discounted the value for charitable gifts, said ramsay slugg, managing director at the financial firm u.s. trust and author of ?the handbook of practical planning for art collectors and their advisers.?continue reading the main story in the elkins case, the art is the only asset the i.r.s. is challenging. (discounting race horses, which mr. elkins also owned, is apparently easier to do.) after presenting exhaustive data on the prices and rationale for discounting each piece, the estate settled on a discount of 44.75 percent for the entire collection.but the i.r.s. said no discount should apply to the art. so the estate went to court. it initially got less than it wanted. while the tax court disagreed with the i.r.s.?s decision against a discount, it ruled that the discount used by the elkins estate was too high. the court assigned a 10 percent markdown.the estate escalated the fight, appealing the ruling to the united states court of appeals for the fifth circuit. last month, that court reversed the ruling on the discount and chastised the i.r.s. for not providing any evidence to support its position. it also awarded the estate a refund of $14 million plus interest, based on discounts for pieces that ranged from 50 to 80 percent.the ruling may have created a template for other wealthy families.?i?ve had calls from estate planning attorneys that said they celebrated in the coffee room when this decision came out,? said mr. hoffman. ?this is a deal changer.?mr. hoffman was the appraiser in an earlier case involving discounted art, stone v. u.s., which centered on half-interest in 19 paintings, including two by h. claude pissarro. in 2009, the court of appeals for the ninth circuit upheld a lower court?s 5 percent discount, citing the lack of supporting prices from the art world.that does not mean it will be easy for other estates to get steep estate discounts on art past the i.r.s.for one, the elkins family had some pretty deep pockets to fund the effort. mr. elkins?s father founded a major law firm in houston, and his wife?s family helped start exxon mobil. he himself had a successful banking career until the bank he ran, first city bancorp, crashed along with the oil companies it had lent to in the 1980s.in the stone case, the refund for the 5 percent discount amounted to $53,932.60. that is not chump change. but it is hardly a windfall given the associated legal bills.?my genuine view is this is a great result for taxpayers, but i don?t think everything is clear,? said diana wierbicki, a partner and head of the global art practice at withers bergman, a law firm. ?the i.r.s. dropped the ball. the i.r.s. pushed this idea that you should get zero.?eric smith, an i.r.s. spokesman, declined to comment.mr. slugg said there were practical ramifications of the ruling, namely that more families could start dividing up their art collections to get the estate tax break. but it is not necessarily practical to comply with the letter of the law. such works have to be moved among the different owners so each had possession of it for a period of time commensurate with their ownership stake.?the most common time when damage occurs is when a painting is moved,? he said. ?there are all kinds of fractional interest considerations. it?s great for wealth transfers but not in the practical reality.?continue reading the main story continue reading the main story he advised clients with collections to put the art ? or their current fractional ownership stakes in the art ? into a family limited partnership or a limited liability corporation that would then be the owner. one downside is the additional costs attached to setting up and administering these vehicles.another option to stay in compliance with the law is for the owner to give the art to the heirs and rent it back. the art can still hang on the wall, while the heirs receive a percentage of the value each year as its owners. such arrangements are common in areas like real estate where a person might give a townhouse to his children and then rent it back for a certain number of years.for art, it is a newer concept. paul provost, deputy chairman of christie?s, said the auction house had been developing a methodology to charge rent for art. he said the starting point was the rental values for art valued at less than $20,000. such art, he noted, often gets rented by home stagers.christie?s takes that and extrapolates the value upward; it then considers a qualitative assessment of the art. ?a lot of clients have just been coming up with their own number,? he said.whichever strategy someone chooses, though, valuing art shares is not an exact science. mark l. mitchell, director of valuation services at peterson sullivan and one of the three expert appraisers in the elkins case, said that the collectors? passion was what made it so difficult.?art could be owned by someone who is not concerned about generating a return on investment but would still derive an enormous nonmonetary value,? mr. mitchell said. ?a fractional interest so diminishes the nonmonetary part of it that people simply don?t want to do that.?or put another way, other assets are less emotional to carve up. ?you really don?t get any nonmonetary return from owning a stock or a bond or a piece of commercial real estate,? he said. a version of this article appears in print on october 4, 2014, on page b4 of the new york edition with the headline: a new path in the quest to reduce estate taxes on art. order reprints|today's paper|subscribe more on nytimes.com go to previous go to next loading... site index news world u.s. politics new york business technology science health sports education obituaries today's paper corrections opinion today's opinion op-ed columnists editorials contributing writers op-ed contributors opinionator letters sunday review taking note room for debate public editor video: opinion arts today's arts art &amp; design artsbeat books dance movies music n.y.c. events guide television theater video games video: arts living automobiles crosswords dining &amp; wine education fashion &amp; style health home &amp; garden jobs magazine n.y.c. events guide real estate t magazine travel weddings &amp; celebrations listings &amp; more classifieds tools &amp; services times topics public editor n.y.c. events guide tv listings blogs cartoons multimedia photography video nyt store times journeys subscribe manage my account subscribe subscribe times premier home delivery digital subscriptions nyt now nyt opinion email newsletters alerts crosswords gift subscriptions corporate subscriptions education rate mobile applications replica edition international new york times ? 2014 the new york times company home search contact us work with us advertise your ad choices privacy terms of service terms of sale site map help site feedback subscriptions my profile my account my saved items edition u.s. international ?? (chinese) help faq contact us type size a type size small a type size medium a type size large log in don't have an account? register now email address password remember me forgot password? register already have an account? log in email address password retype password receive occasional email updates and special offers for new york times products and services. terms of service privacy policy", "bull": 0}, {"raw_text": "nytimes.com no longer supports internet explorer 8 or earlier. please upgrade your browser. learn more ? skip to content skip to navigation view mobile version europe|russia cancels exchange program after a student seeks u.s. asylum search sponsored by search nytimes.com http://nyti.ms/1edlkra loading... see next articles see previous articles home page home page world u.s. politics new york business business opinion opinion technology science health sports sports arts arts fashion &amp; style fashion &amp; style dining &amp; wine dining &amp; wine home &amp; garden travel magazine real estate video crosswords times premier the upshot more africa americas asia pacific europe middle east at war india ink sinosphere education first draft elections city room artsbeat events dealbook economy energy markets media small business your money dealbook economy energy markets media small business your money op-ed columnists editorials contributing writers op-ed contributors opinionator letters sunday review taking note room for debate public editor cartoons op-ed columnists editorials contributing writers op-ed contributors opinionator letters sunday review taking note room for debate public editor cartoons bits personal tech environment space &amp; cosmos well health guide fitness &amp; nutrition money &amp; policy the new old age views baseball basketball: college basketball: n.b.a. football: college football: n.f.l. golf hockey soccer tennis baseball basketball: college basketball: n.b.a. football: college football: n.f.l. golf hockey soccer tennis art &amp; design artsbeat books dance movies music n.y.c. events guide television theater video games art &amp; design artsbeat books dance movies music n.y.c. events guide television theater video games t magazine motherlode on the runway weddings t magazine motherlode on the runway weddings cooking restaurants cooking restaurants commercial real estate great homes &amp; destinations my real estate u.s. &amp; politics international new york opinion times documentaries business technology culture style health dining &amp; wine travel sports real estate science the upshot crosswords today's paper obituaries automobiles corrections multimedia photography classifieds tools &amp; services jobs times topics blogs nyt store times journeys subscribe manage account charles m. blow david brooks frank bruni roger cohen gail collins ross douthat maureen dowd thomas l. friedman nicholas kristof paul krugman joe nocera charles m. blow david brooks frank bruni roger cohen gail collins ross douthat maureen dowd thomas l. friedman nicholas kristof paul krugman joe nocera europe |??nyt now russia cancels exchange program after a student seeks u.s. asylum by neil macfarquhar and michael r. gordonoct. 4, 2014 inside continue reading the main story continue reading the main story continue reading the main story share this page continue reading the main story continue reading the main story moscow ? russia has pulled out of a longstanding american high-school exchange program after a teenage russian boy who befriended a gay couple sought asylum in the united states on the grounds that he faced persecution at home as a homosexual.russia officials accused the united states of endangering the welfare of a child, while american officials suggested that the kremlin was using the case as a pretext to further impair diplomatic relations.pavel a. astakhov, russia?s presidential ombudsman for children?s rights, called it ?an outrageous case? in announcing that russia would no longer allow several hundred high-school students to spend an academic year in united states under the annual future leaders exchange, or flex, program.jen psaki, the spokeswoman for the state department, which underwrote the program through a nongovernmental organization, expressed ?regret? over the decision.as details surrounding the case emerged all week, it generated indignation in russia, feeding the government line developed by president vladimir v. putin that the country remains the last pillar of moral values in the face of the increasingly decadent west.konstantin dolgov, the top foreign ministry official for human rights, issued a statement saying that russia did not oppose exchange programs, but he called it ?unacceptable? that the american legal system could allow an exception to the agreement reached with the state department that all russian children on the flex program return home.mr. dolgov said the idea that under-age children could ?choose on their own and without their parent?s permission the place to live or whether to be adopted? violated russian law. in terms of protecting children, the case also contradicted the ?moral and ethical principles of russian society,? he said.according to reports in the russian media, the boy, 16, was living with an american family in michigan when he met a gay couple, both military veterans, at church.an article by the state-run news agency tass quoted unidentified russian diplomats in washington as saying that the couple persuaded the boy that he should stay in the united states by promising to support him, including paying his tuition at harvard university.continue reading the main story the article said that the boy had decided to seek asylum on the grounds of his sexual orientation, and that the gay couple had guaranteed to a court that they would support him financially. the article suggested that the court made the couple his guardians, but left unclear with whom he was living.the russian diplomats said that they sought help from the police, but that the police declined to investigate.the tass article depicted the outcome as the work of a gay cabal, saying that when the bereft mother flew to the united states to plead with her son to return home, she was forced to hold the meeting in the presence of his two lawyers who were ?also of nontraditional sexual orientation.?susan reed, the supervising lawyer with the michigan immigrant rights center, who is representing the boy, declined to provide many details about the case, citing privacy concerns. but she said that the account in the tass article was ?a gross distortion of the facts and the legal process.?continue reading the main story continue reading the main story the lawyer said that the boy was 17, not 16, and that he ?was afraid to go home? and therefore had been put in federal custody through the department of health and human services office of refugee resettlement.the boy, ms. reed said, has been placed by the government into foster care. ?the sexual orientation of that foster family is irrelevant,? she said.ms. reed also noted that she was married to a man and was a practicing roman catholic with two children, in contrast to the description of the lawyers in the tass account.an american official, who was not authorized to comment on the case and so spoke on the condition of anonymity, confirmed that the boy had been on the flex program, then chose not to return home and sought asylum on the basis of his sexual orientation. but the official would not discuss the smaller details of the tass account.in russia, officials expressed exasperation that a child with a family at home would remain in the united states because of a legal proceeding.?a child with a mother in russia was illegally put up for adoption and the boy was handed over to a homosexual american couple,? mr. astakhov was quoted as saying by tass. ?the boy is healthy and comes from a good family, so it?s not clear under what arguments the united states is operating.?the issues of adoption and gay rights have both been sore points in relations between the united states and russia in recent years.russia banned all adoptions of russian children from the united states in 2012, and recently extended that policy to all countries that allow same-sex marriage. it also passed a law in 2013 making it illegal to promote a homosexual lifestyle to children, which western human rights groups said had been used to harass and physically abuse homosexuals.the american embassy in moscow announced the cancellation of russia?s participation in the 21-year-old flex program, which is run by the washington-based american councils for international education, quietly on tuesday, putting a statement by the ambassador, john f. tefft, on its website.?these young russians have served as cultural ambassadors, representing the best of russia, to millions of americans throughout all 50 states,? it said, calling the program the largest between the countries.although it was advertised as an exchange program, no americans come to russia. more than 8,000 russian high school students have been sent to the united states, and over all, 24,000 students from the former states of the soviet union have participated in the flex program.the statement did not mention the reason for the cancellation. the united states embassy would not comment further.with the annexation of crimea six months ago, mr. putin has sought to depict russia as a powerful world player that does not need ties with the west. the ukraine crisis strained relations with the united states, which are at their lowest point in decades.some diplomatic analysts suggested that russia was using the michigan case as part of that political agenda.?they have taken this one case and have used it to shut down a program that has historically been very successful,? said steven pifer, a senior fellow at the brookings institution and a former ambassador to ukraine. ?the big losers are going to be the russian kids who can?t come and spend a year in an american high school. there seems to be a trend to try to separate russia from the rest of the world.?there are currently 238 russian students in the united states, chosen from a pool of 14,000 applicants, but they will be the last group, the state department official said. successful applicants were chosen on the basis of numerous criteria, including their academic success, ability to live with others and english skills.high-profile alumni of the program include margarita s. simonyan, editor in chief of the english-language satellite network rt and the state-owned news agency rossiya segodnya, both of which promote the kremlin viewpoint internationally.younger students who aspired to join the program and some veterans have begun organizing an online petition asking russia to resume its participation. neil macfarquhar reported from moscow, and michael r. gordon from washington. alexandra odynova contributed reporting from moscow. a version of this article appears in print on october 5, 2014, on page a18 of the new york edition with the headline: russia cancels exchange program after a student seeks u.s. asylum. order reprints|today's paper|subscribe more on nytimes.com site index news world u.s. politics new york business technology science health sports education obituaries today's paper corrections opinion today's opinion op-ed columnists editorials contributing writers op-ed contributors opinionator letters sunday review taking note room for debate public editor video: opinion arts today's arts art &amp; design artsbeat books dance movies music n.y.c. events guide television theater video games video: arts living automobiles crosswords dining &amp; wine education fashion &amp; style health home &amp; garden jobs magazine n.y.c. events guide real estate t magazine travel weddings &amp; celebrations listings &amp; more classifieds tools &amp; services times topics public editor n.y.c. events guide tv listings blogs cartoons multimedia photography video nyt store times journeys subscribe manage my account subscribe subscribe times premier home delivery digital subscriptions nyt now nyt opinion email newsletters alerts crosswords gift subscriptions corporate subscriptions education rate mobile applications replica edition international new york times ? 2014 the new york times company home search contact us work with us advertise your ad choices privacy terms of service terms of sale site map help site feedback subscriptions", "bull": 0}, {"raw_text": "nytimes.com no longer supports internet explorer 8 or earlier. please upgrade your browser. learn more ? skip to content skip to navigation view mobile version asia pacific|south and north korea agree to resume high-level talks search sponsored by search nytimes.com http://nyti.ms/1ecstnm loading... see next articles see previous articles home page home page world u.s. politics new york business business opinion opinion technology science health sports sports arts arts fashion &amp; style fashion &amp; style dining &amp; wine dining &amp; wine home &amp; garden travel magazine real estate video crosswords times premier the upshot more africa americas asia pacific europe middle east at war india ink sinosphere education first draft elections city room artsbeat events dealbook economy energy markets media small business your money dealbook economy energy markets media small business your money op-ed columnists editorials contributing writers op-ed contributors opinionator letters sunday review taking note room for debate public editor cartoons op-ed columnists editorials contributing writers op-ed contributors opinionator letters sunday review taking note room for debate public editor cartoons bits personal tech environment space &amp; cosmos well health guide fitness &amp; nutrition money &amp; policy the new old age views baseball basketball: college basketball: n.b.a. football: college football: n.f.l. golf hockey soccer tennis baseball basketball: college basketball: n.b.a. football: college football: n.f.l. golf hockey soccer tennis art &amp; design artsbeat books dance movies music n.y.c. events guide television theater video games art &amp; design artsbeat books dance movies music n.y.c. events guide television theater video games t magazine motherlode on the runway weddings t magazine motherlode on the runway weddings cooking restaurants cooking restaurants commercial real estate great homes &amp; destinations my real estate u.s. &amp; politics international new york opinion times documentaries business technology culture style health dining &amp; wine travel sports real estate science the upshot crosswords today's paper obituaries automobiles corrections multimedia photography classifieds tools &amp; services jobs times topics blogs nyt store times journeys subscribe manage account charles m. blow david brooks frank bruni roger cohen gail collins ross douthat maureen dowd thomas l. friedman nicholas kristof paul krugman joe nocera charles m. blow david brooks frank bruni roger cohen gail collins ross douthat maureen dowd thomas l. friedman nicholas kristof paul krugman joe nocera asia pacific |??nyt now south and north korea agree to resume high-level talks by choe sang-hunoct. 4, 2014 inside photo kim kwan-jin, left, the top national security adviser for president park geun-hye of south korea, met?hwang pyong-so, second from right, the top political officer of the north korean military, and other top officials from the north in incheon on saturday. it was the highest-level talks in years, fueling hopes of a breakthrough in the nations? troubled ties. credit agence france-presse ? getty images continue reading the main story continue reading the main story continue reading the main story share this page continue reading the main story continue reading the main story seoul, south korea ? south and north korea agreed on saturday to resume high-level talks this year, raising hopes for a thaw in the long-tense relations on the divided korean peninsula.a statement from south korea did not specify what would be discussed. but south korea had proposed in august that senior officials meet to discuss a new round of reunions of family members separated by the korean war six decades ago, a program that has proceeded in fits and starts for years as inter-korean relations have fluctuated.the north had rejected the august overture, insisting that seoul first stop activists in the south from sending balloons into north korea bearing antigovernment propaganda. continue reading the main story related coverage in unusual trip, north korean aides attend games in southoct. 3, 2014 but a breakthrough appeared to come on saturday, when top south korean policy makers met with a north korean delegation visiting incheon for the closing ceremony of the asian games, a surprise visit that south korea announced just an hour before the officials? arrival. the delegation included three of the most trusted aides of the north korean leader, kim jong-un.during the meeting on saturday, the two sides agreed to resume a formal dialogue later this month or in early november, the south?s ministry of unification said in a statement. ?while calling the upcoming talks a second round of dialogue, the north explained that it intended to hold more rounds of south-north talks in the future,? the statement said.the mention of a ?second round? appeared to refer to the last time officials met to discuss the family reunions, in february. soon after that meeting, hundreds of aging koreans from both sides were allowed to hold emotional family reunions at a north korean resort. no further reunions have been held since then.the north korean delegation?s visit and the agreement to resume talks were all the more unexpected, given the north?s recent vitriol toward the south korean president, park geun-hye. on thursday, the north called ms. park ?a rabid dog? after she vowed that pressing the north to end human rights abuses would be a key goal of her government.the two koreas have technically been at war since the korean war ended in 1953 with a truce rather than a peace treaty, and their relationship has been particularly sour during the past few years. but signs of a possible thaw have emerged in recent months.ms. park has allowed private relief groups to send humanitarian aid for malnourished children to the north and has promised more aid if the north agrees to ease tensions.north korea has made its own conciliatory overtures, including sending its athletes to the asian games in the south. on saturday, its delegation included vice marshal hwang pyong-so, who is also vice chairman of the national defense commission, the north?s top governing agency. a version of this article appears in print on october 5, 2014, on page a8 of the new york edition with the headline: south and north korea agree to new talks. order reprints|today's paper|subscribe more on nytimes.com site index news world u.s. politics new york business technology science health sports education obituaries today's paper corrections opinion today's opinion op-ed columnists editorials contributing writers op-ed contributors opinionator letters sunday review taking note room for debate public editor video: opinion arts today's arts art &amp; design artsbeat books dance movies music n.y.c. events guide television theater video games video: arts living automobiles crosswords dining &amp; wine education fashion &amp; style health home &amp; garden jobs magazine n.y.c. events guide real estate t magazine travel weddings &amp; celebrations listings &amp; more classifieds tools &amp; services times topics public editor n.y.c. events guide tv listings blogs cartoons multimedia photography video nyt store times journeys subscribe manage my account subscribe subscribe times premier home delivery digital subscriptions nyt now nyt opinion email newsletters alerts crosswords gift subscriptions corporate subscriptions education rate mobile applications replica edition international new york times ? 2014 the new york times company home search contact us work with us advertise your ad choices privacy terms of service terms of sale site map help site feedback subscriptions", "bull": 0}, {"raw_text": "nytimes.com no longer supports internet explorer 8 or earlier. please upgrade your browser. learn more ? skip to content skip to navigation view mobile version art &amp; design|great job on the railroad. now go back to china. search sponsored by search nytimes.com http://nyti.ms/1tk3bhn loading... see next articles see previous articles home page home page world u.s. politics new york business business opinion opinion technology science health sports sports arts arts fashion &amp; style fashion &amp; style dining &amp; wine dining &amp; wine home &amp; garden travel magazine real estate video crosswords times premier the upshot more africa americas asia pacific europe middle east at war india ink sinosphere education first draft elections city room artsbeat events dealbook economy energy markets media small business your money dealbook economy energy markets media small business your money op-ed columnists editorials contributing writers op-ed contributors opinionator letters sunday review taking note room for debate public editor cartoons op-ed columnists editorials contributing writers op-ed contributors opinionator letters sunday review taking note room for debate public editor cartoons bits personal tech environment space &amp; cosmos well health guide fitness &amp; nutrition money &amp; policy the new old age views baseball basketball: college basketball: n.b.a. football: college football: n.f.l. golf hockey soccer tennis baseball basketball: college basketball: n.b.a. football: college football: n.f.l. golf hockey soccer tennis art &amp; design artsbeat books dance movies music n.y.c. events guide television theater video games art &amp; design artsbeat books dance movies music n.y.c. events guide television theater video games t magazine motherlode on the runway weddings t magazine motherlode on the runway weddings cooking restaurants cooking restaurants commercial real estate great homes &amp; destinations my real estate u.s. &amp; politics international new york opinion times documentaries business technology culture style health dining &amp; wine travel sports real estate science the upshot crosswords today's paper obituaries automobiles corrections multimedia photography classifieds tools &amp; services jobs times topics blogs nyt store times journeys subscribe manage account charles m. blow david brooks frank bruni roger cohen gail collins ross douthat maureen dowd thomas l. friedman nicholas kristof paul krugman joe nocera charles m. blow david brooks frank bruni roger cohen gail collins ross douthat maureen dowd thomas l. friedman nicholas kristof paul krugman joe nocera art &amp; design great job on the railroad. now go back to china. ?chinese american: exclusion/inclusion? exhibition opens oct. 2, 2014 inside photo \"steinway hall, east 14th street, may 8, 1877,\" on display as part of the exhibit \"chinese american: exclusion/inclusion\" at the new-york historical society. credit emon hassan for the new york times continue reading the main story continue reading the main story critic?s notebook by edward rothstein continue reading the main story share this page continue reading the main story continue reading the main story the tea dumped in boston harbor?s party came from china. so did george washington?s china. the erie canal was inspired by china?s grand canal. and the lure of chinese trade spurred the building of the transcontinental railroad. (the labor force for its western segment was 80 percent chinese.) without chinese exclusion laws, which by the late 19th century were severely restricting chinese immigration, the regulations and bureaucracy that now shape immigration policy might never have arisen.but the narrative at the new-york historical society?s vigorous and imaginative new exhibition ? ?chinese american: exclusion/inclusion? ? is not just of china?s impact on united states history (which is part of the story) or of the experiences and suffering of chinese immigrants (which is another part). it is how chinese-american identity came to be, how immigration and discrimination were followed by recrimination and conflict, and how, finally, a people?s trials give way to celebration. photo from left, ?waves of identity:35 years of archiving,? at the museum of chinese in america; virginia wong, left, and hazel ying lee in the early 1930s; and the chin family section of ?chinese american: exclusion/inclusion? at the new-york historical society. credit left and right, emon hassan for the new york times; center, frances m. tong, museum of chinese in america (moca) collection the exhibition offers, in other words, a variation on the theme of identity museums, our era?s most distinctive museum genre. for each social, ethnic and religious group ? and american history has now become a history of groups ? museums and exhibitions have been shaping similar stories.the society?s show is being presented in conjunction with a separate, more modest exhibition downtown, ?waves of identity: 35 years of archiving,? in an institution that evolved out of these very impulses: the museum of chinese in america.that show?s curators, herb tam and yue ma, have gathered artifacts around questions related to chinese-american identity (?how do you become american?? or ?what does it mean to be chinese??), explaining, along the way, how the museum arose out of 20th-century identity politics and set itself the task of preserving the ephemera of chinatown. that museum?s permanent exhibition also surveys chinese-american history, emphatically embracing the identity narrative.continue reading the main story photo oversize id cards in the ?chinese american: exclusion/inclusion? exhibition. credit emon hassan for the new york times but the historical society show breaks many of that narrative?s boundaries. the material gathered by its curator, marci reaven, who oversees history exhibitions at the society ? working with other historians, including john kuo wei tchen, a co-founder of the museum of chinese in america ? shows almost no aspect of american life untouched.the interactions began soon after the nation?s founding. in 1784, a boat called the empress of china sailed from new york to canton, bearing furs, lead, wine, 30 tons of american ginseng and mexican silver dollars to trade for chinese goods: porcelain, silk, tea. the continental congress sent along a florid letter, betraying the na?vet? of a democratic nation by invoking every imaginable hierarchical title. it is addressed to: ?most serene, serene, most puissant, puissant, high, illustrious, noble, honorable, venerable, wise and prudent emperors, kings, republics, princes, dukes, earls, barons, lords, burgo-masters, counsellors, as also judges, officers, justiciaries and regents of all the good cities and places, whether ecclesiastical or secular.?continue reading the main story and though we are tantalized here by the portrait of anson burlingame (1820-70) ? lincoln appointed him minister to china; china later appointed him a consul, and he became an enlightened advocate of mutual understanding ? the course of 19th-century relations was far from genteel. with china?s defeat in the two opium wars, it lost the power to restrict western commerce; we see a reproduction of an opium ball as it would have been taken to china by traders, some six inches in diameter and wrapped in poppy petals. photo the new-york historical society show also includes a re-creation of the detention barracks on angel island, in san francisco bay, where many new arrivals from china were held while their immigration status was checked. credit emon hassan for the new york times another result of those wars, which opened china to proselytizing, is evident in a 34-star 1861 american flag, its stripes containing chinese and english inscriptions; it flew on a steamboat that coursed through 1,200 miles of chinese rivers as a protestant american missionary distributed religious tracts.unfortunately, in this show, we then lose track of china until the 20th century. after being caricatured as the ?yellow peril,? china became a welcome ally during the world war ii and then regained yellow peril status after the communists took over in 1949. the exhibition paints with overly broad strokes here (and gives no credence at all to concerns about chinese espionage), but these political shifts affected the fortunes and opportunities of chinese-americans. the modern era of ?normalization? is signified by two 1972 ping-pong paddles bearing the portraits of richard m. nixon and mao zedong, commemorating their diplomacy after the ice was broken by their countries? table tennis matches. but what happened during this history to chinese immigrants? from the 1850s to the 1870s, tens of thousands of chinese mined for gold and silver and worked in the american west. according to an 1880 census, the residents of deadwood (in what is now south dakota) included 238 chinese men and 15 chinese women; among their number were cooks and miners but also a doctor, a land speculator and a barber. one in four miners during the 1860s was chinese. and they were so successful that, in 1870, shipments of gold and silver to china were valued at $6 million.but this success (there were 105,000 chinese in the united states by 1880) was accompanied by hatred and anti-chinese riots. an 1875 law required that any chinese woman seeking to enter the country had to prove she was not a prostitute. in 1882, congress passed the chinese exclusion act: a law that limited chinese immigration and was renewed in various forms until 1943, prohibiting entry to chinese laborers while allowing students, teachers, merchants and diplomats. continue reading the main story open interactive feature interactive feature: fall arts preview - times 100 we see an 1883 issue of a newspaper here, the chinese american, whose name may have been the first time that term was ever used ? in this case, as a provocation; its editor, wong chin foo, defiantly opposed the new legislation. at the same time, lawsuits by chinese-americans began to attack discrimination and affirm citizenship rights.the show?s central portion is a series of theatrical environments meant to evoke angel island: the ellis island of the west coast. but no lamp is lifted beside a golden door. because of the strictures of the exclusion act, many prospective immigrants were coached or took on counterfeit identities; vast numbers were held in detention barracks, at least until their immigration status could be scrutinized. despairing, many wrote poems, . later preserved and transcribed, on the wooden walls.continue reading the main story continue reading the main story the most touching element of the show is its simplest. a single family ? ancestors of a bronx-born amy chin (who is, unfortunately, not otherwise identified) ? is traced over multiple generations, its history told in graphic-novel style. we see a 1940 license for ms. chin?s grandfather?s laundry on lexington avenue; a united states army death certificate for ms. chin?s uncle in 1944; an account of her father and mother separated by immigration restrictions for nine years. but we also see the transformation of the chins into an american family; they return to visit their ancestral home as tourists.with a more pointed political edge, this transformation can be seen in the museum of chinese in america?s exhibition: traces left by multiple lives, wrestling with the development of an identity that had never before existed. (it is also worth seeing an exhibition of the artworks of phillip chen there: he distills his personal history into symbolic blueprints, mysterious and allusive, as if constructing an identity from artifacts and fragments.)but i wish that the historical society?s identity narrative had been given an even wider perspective. this narrative has become so dominant in the museum world, partly to replace old ?melting pot? accounts of immigration; it was also meant to modify the idealization of american history.this has led to new insights but also new problems. why, for example, in the face of certain hostility, possible imprisonment and inevitable poverty, was the demand for immigration so persistent? it isn?t as if the difficulties were unknown; we even see here an account of a 1905 chinese protest in canton against the exclusion act, with a call to boycott american goods. yet demand continued.we can begin to understand only by expanding the context. what led to the migrations from china? how did racism in the 19th-century united states compare with other nations? treatment of alien peoples? injustices cannot be assessed in isolation. there is no need to return to idealization, but also no need to leave so much unexplored. follow edward rothstein on twitter; twitter.com/edrothstein. a version of this review appears in print on october 3, 2014, on page c21 of the new york edition with the headline: great job on the railroad. now go back to china.. order reprints|today's paper|subscribe more on nytimes.com site index news world u.s. politics new york business technology science health sports education obituaries today's paper corrections opinion today's opinion op-ed columnists editorials contributing writers op-ed contributors opinionator letters sunday review taking note room for debate public editor video: opinion arts today's arts art &amp; design artsbeat books dance movies music n.y.c. events guide television theater video games video: arts living automobiles crosswords dining &amp; wine education fashion &amp; style health home &amp; garden jobs magazine n.y.c. events guide real estate t magazine travel weddings &amp; celebrations listings &amp; more classifieds tools &amp; services times topics public editor n.y.c. events guide tv listings blogs cartoons multimedia photography video nyt store times journeys subscribe manage my account subscribe subscribe times premier home delivery digital subscriptions nyt now nyt opinion email newsletters alerts crosswords gift subscriptions corporate subscriptions education rate mobile applications replica edition international new york times ? 2014 the new york times company home search contact us work with us advertise your ad choices privacy terms of service terms of sale site map help site feedback subscriptions", "bull": 0}, {"raw_text": "nytimes.com no longer supports internet explorer 8 or earlier. please upgrade your browser. learn more ? skip to content skip to navigation view mobile version the opinion pages|care at the end of life search sponsored by search nytimes.com http://nyti.ms/zdqlpk loading... see next articles see previous articles home page home page world u.s. politics new york business business opinion opinion technology science health sports sports arts arts fashion &amp; style fashion &amp; style dining &amp; wine dining &amp; wine home &amp; garden travel magazine real estate video crosswords times premier the upshot more africa americas asia pacific europe middle east at war india ink sinosphere education first draft elections city room artsbeat events dealbook economy energy markets media small business your money dealbook economy energy markets media small business your money op-ed columnists editorials contributing writers op-ed contributors opinionator letters sunday review taking note room for debate public editor cartoons op-ed columnists editorials contributing writers op-ed contributors opinionator letters sunday review taking note room for debate public editor cartoons bits personal tech environment space &amp; cosmos well health guide fitness &amp; nutrition money &amp; policy the new old age views baseball basketball: college basketball: n.b.a. football: college football: n.f.l. golf hockey soccer tennis baseball basketball: college basketball: n.b.a. football: college football: n.f.l. golf hockey soccer tennis art &amp; design artsbeat books dance movies music n.y.c. events guide television theater video games art &amp; design artsbeat books dance movies music n.y.c. events guide television theater video games t magazine motherlode on the runway weddings t magazine motherlode on the runway weddings cooking restaurants cooking restaurants commercial real estate great homes &amp; destinations my real estate u.s. &amp; politics international new york opinion times documentaries business technology culture style health dining &amp; wine travel sports real estate science the upshot crosswords today's paper obituaries automobiles corrections multimedia photography classifieds tools &amp; services jobs times topics blogs nyt store times journeys subscribe manage account charles m. blow david brooks frank bruni roger cohen gail collins ross douthat maureen dowd thomas l. friedman nicholas kristof paul krugman joe nocera charles m. blow david brooks frank bruni roger cohen gail collins ross douthat maureen dowd thomas l. friedman nicholas kristof paul krugman joe nocera the opinion pages | editorial care at the end of life by the editorial boardoct. 3, 2014 inside continue reading the main story continue reading the main story continue reading the main story share this page continue reading the main story continue reading the main story americans are justifiably worried about obtaining the best possible care ? and the care they really want ? as they or family members near the end of life. all too often, the care is shoddy or contrary to a patient?s wishes.consider what happened when a middle-aged daughter in new york city sought care for her ailing father, only to be frustrated at every turn by rules and institutions that operated at cross-purposes and failed to focus on the needs of the patient. her ordeal was described by nina bernstein in the times last week.the woman?s father was bounced back and forth among hospitals, nursing homes and home care agencies that often latched on to the patient when it was in their economic interest to do so but shunted him aside when the profit margins shrank. in the end, he was unable to get home hospice care, as he and his daughter had wanted. continue reading the main story related coverage panel urges overhauling health care at end of lifesept. 17, 2014 fighting to honor a father?s last wish: to die at homesept. 25, 2014 the father was eligible for both medicare, the federal insurance program for the elderly and disabled, and medicaid, the state-federal insurance program for the poor, but he confronted a big problem. once medicare started paying for his home care, bureaucratic barriers made it virtually impossible to have medicaid continue to pay for aides to perform personal care, such as feeding, bathing and changing clothes. future patients may fare better. in june 2013, new york state clarified that personal care services can continue while a patient with a life expectancy of six months or less receives hospice services. continue reading the main story related in opinion room for debate: finding humane care at the end of life sept. 25, 2014 two issues raised by this case seem particularly troubling. virtually every institution took actions that served its own needs, not the patient?s. and there was no coordination between medicare and medicaid.patients may soon get help. the state says it will appoint ombudsmen to protect patients? interests in seeking community or home care, at no cost to enrollees.the state also has appointed a private company to determine who is eligible for managed long-term care, which will prevent health plans from peremptorily ruling people out. but the plans will still make the crucial decisions about how much care a patient needs, a loophole that leaves patients vulnerable to insurers? agendas, although they have appeal rights.additionally, the state is rolling out a demonstration program in downstate counties in which interdisciplinary teams, including the patient and a family member, will develop a care plan that best meets a patient?s needs. if that works, it may end many longstanding abuses.the institute of medicine, a unit of the national academy of sciences, recently called for an overhaul of how care is delivered near the end of life to eliminate the mismatch between what patients and families need and the services they can obtain. it called for new payment systems by public and private insurers to encourage health care providers to integrate medical and social services, coordinate care, and include families and patients in advance planning. that could enhance a patient?s quality of life and make costs for the health care system sustainable. meet the new york times?s editorial board ? a version of this editorial appears in print on october 4, 2014, on page a18 of the new york edition with the headline: care at the end of life. order reprints|today's paper|subscribe more on nytimes.com site index news world u.s. politics new york business technology science health sports education obituaries today's paper corrections opinion today's opinion op-ed columnists editorials contributing writers op-ed contributors opinionator letters sunday review taking note room for debate public editor video: opinion arts today's arts art &amp; design artsbeat books dance movies music n.y.c. events guide television theater video games video: arts living automobiles crosswords dining &amp; wine education fashion &amp; style health home &amp; garden jobs magazine n.y.c. events guide real estate t magazine travel weddings &amp; celebrations listings &amp; more classifieds tools &amp; services times topics public editor n.y.c. events guide tv listings blogs cartoons multimedia photography video nyt store times journeys subscribe manage my account subscribe subscribe times premier home delivery digital subscriptions nyt now nyt opinion email newsletters alerts crosswords gift subscriptions corporate subscriptions education rate mobile applications replica edition international new york times ? 2014 the new york times company home search contact us work with us advertise your ad choices privacy terms of service terms of sale site map help site feedback subscriptions", "bull": 0}, {"raw_text": "nytimes.com no longer supports internet explorer 8 or earlier. please upgrade your browser. learn more ? skip to content skip to navigation view mobile version the opinion pages|new york?s sensible immigration shift search sponsored by search nytimes.com http://nyti.ms/1vgerps loading... see next articles see previous articles home page home page world u.s. politics new york business business opinion opinion technology science health sports sports arts arts fashion &amp; style fashion &amp; style dining &amp; wine dining &amp; wine home &amp; garden travel magazine real estate video crosswords times premier the upshot more africa americas asia pacific europe middle east at war india ink sinosphere education first draft elections city room artsbeat events dealbook economy energy markets media small business your money dealbook economy energy markets media small business your money op-ed columnists editorials contributing writers op-ed contributors opinionator letters sunday review taking note room for debate public editor cartoons op-ed columnists editorials contributing writers op-ed contributors opinionator letters sunday review taking note room for debate public editor cartoons bits personal tech environment space &amp; cosmos well health guide fitness &amp; nutrition money &amp; policy the new old age views baseball basketball: college basketball: n.b.a. football: college football: n.f.l. golf hockey soccer tennis baseball basketball: college basketball: n.b.a. football: college football: n.f.l. golf hockey soccer tennis art &amp; design artsbeat books dance movies music n.y.c. events guide television theater video games art &amp; design artsbeat books dance movies music n.y.c. events guide television theater video games t magazine motherlode on the runway weddings t magazine motherlode on the runway weddings cooking restaurants cooking restaurants commercial real estate great homes &amp; destinations my real estate u.s. &amp; politics international new york opinion times documentaries business technology culture style health dining &amp; wine travel sports real estate science the upshot crosswords today's paper obituaries automobiles corrections multimedia photography classifieds tools &amp; services jobs times topics blogs nyt store times journeys subscribe manage account charles m. blow david brooks frank bruni roger cohen gail collins ross douthat maureen dowd thomas l. friedman nicholas kristof paul krugman joe nocera charles m. blow david brooks frank bruni roger cohen gail collins ross douthat maureen dowd thomas l. friedman nicholas kristof paul krugman joe nocera the opinion pages | editorial new york?s sensible immigration shift by the editorial boardoct. 3, 2014 inside continue reading the main story continue reading the main story continue reading the main story share this page continue reading the main story continue reading the main story the new york city council is about to take a welcome step toward more sensible and constitutional immigration policies. its speaker, melissa mark-viverito, plans to introduce two bills next week to limit the city?s cooperation with federal authorities in jailing immigrants and to remove federal immigration agents from rikers island.the first bill has to do with ?detainers,? requests to hold suspected immigration violators in jail for up to 48 hours until federal agents can come and get them. in many places these requests, issued by immigration and customs enforcement, are honored as a routine matter, turning states and localities into a key link in the federal deportation pipeline. under ms. mark-viverito?s bill, the police department and the department of correction would stop honoring detainers unless there was a judge?s warrant and the detainee had been convicted of a violent or serious crime or was on a terrorist watch list.the bills stem from the realization that misplaced enforcement has been more effective at destroying families than at upholding a sane, humane immigration system and the rule of law. as federal courts have recently held, detainers pose the constitutional problem of imprisoning people without cause; they are not arrest warrants, just administrative requests to hold people who may or may not be immigration violators. and many detainees are minor offenders or noncriminals, not a danger to society.as president obama?s administration has ramped up deportations, to well over two million since he took office, a growing number of states and localities have decided to opt out of the dragnet. they have decided the cost ? in damage to immigrant communities and families, in undermining their own policing and the literal expense of housing detainees ? is too great.if new york reforms its detainer policies ? and mayor bill de blasio has said he supports the proposals ? it will join a national groundswell. because congress and mr. obama continue not to repair immigration laws that are broken and unjust ? bipartisan reform is still dead, and mr. obama?s promise of executive action is still just talk ? states and cities are realizing they want no part of this system?s cruelest failures. it?s past time that new york city joined them. meet the new york times?s editorial board ? a version of this editorial appears in print on october 4, 2014, on page a18 of the new york edition with the headline: new york?s sensible immigration shift. order reprints|today's paper|subscribe more on nytimes.com site index news world u.s. politics new york business technology science health sports education obituaries today's paper corrections opinion today's opinion op-ed columnists editorials contributing writers op-ed contributors opinionator letters sunday review taking note room for debate public editor video: opinion arts today's arts art &amp; design artsbeat books dance movies music n.y.c. events guide television theater video games video: arts living automobiles crosswords dining &amp; wine education fashion &amp; style health home &amp; garden jobs magazine n.y.c. events guide real estate t magazine travel weddings &amp; celebrations listings &amp; more classifieds tools &amp; services times topics public editor n.y.c. events guide tv listings blogs cartoons multimedia photography video nyt store times journeys subscribe manage my account subscribe subscribe times premier home delivery digital subscriptions nyt now nyt opinion email newsletters alerts crosswords gift subscriptions corporate subscriptions education rate mobile applications replica edition international new york times ? 2014 the new york times company home search contact us work with us advertise your ad choices privacy terms of service terms of sale site map help site feedback subscriptions", "bull": 0}, {"raw_text": "nytimes.com no longer supports internet explorer 8 or earlier. please upgrade your browser. learn more ? skip to content skip to navigation view mobile version sundayreview|a week dominated by hong kong, ebola and the secret service search sponsored by search nytimes.com http://nyti.ms/zdeash loading... see next articles see previous articles home page home page world u.s. politics new york business business opinion opinion technology science health sports sports arts arts fashion &amp; style fashion &amp; style dining &amp; wine dining &amp; wine home &amp; garden travel magazine real estate video crosswords times premier the upshot more africa americas asia pacific europe middle east at war india ink sinosphere education first draft elections city room artsbeat events dealbook economy energy markets media small business your money dealbook economy energy markets media small business your money op-ed columnists editorials contributing writers op-ed contributors opinionator letters sunday review taking note room for debate public editor cartoons op-ed columnists editorials contributing writers op-ed contributors opinionator letters sunday review taking note room for debate public editor cartoons bits personal tech environment space &amp; cosmos well health guide fitness &amp; nutrition money &amp; policy the new old age views baseball basketball: college basketball: n.b.a. football: college football: n.f.l. golf hockey soccer tennis baseball basketball: college basketball: n.b.a. football: college football: n.f.l. golf hockey soccer tennis art &amp; design artsbeat books dance movies music n.y.c. events guide television theater video games art &amp; design artsbeat books dance movies music n.y.c. events guide television theater video games t magazine motherlode on the runway weddings t magazine motherlode on the runway weddings cooking restaurants cooking restaurants commercial real estate great homes &amp; destinations my real estate u.s. &amp; politics international new york opinion times documentaries business technology culture style health dining &amp; wine travel sports real estate science the upshot crosswords today's paper obituaries automobiles corrections multimedia photography classifieds tools &amp; services jobs times topics blogs nyt store times journeys subscribe manage account charles m. blow david brooks frank bruni roger cohen gail collins ross douthat maureen dowd thomas l. friedman nicholas kristof paul krugman joe nocera charles m. blow david brooks frank bruni roger cohen gail collins ross douthat maureen dowd thomas l. friedman nicholas kristof paul krugman joe nocera sundayreview a week dominated by hong kong, ebola and the secret service oct. 3, 2014 inside photo pro-democracy demonstrators in hong kong on friday. credit adam ferguson for the new york times continue reading the main story continue reading the main story serge schmemann by serge schmemann continue reading the main story share this page continue reading the main story continue reading the main story much of the news in this past week was about security and its failures ? the untrammeled journey of a man infected with ebola from liberia to europe to texas; the lapses of the secret service in protecting the president; the vast but seemingly victimless data breach at jpmorgan chase.these competed with more heartening ? or worrying, depending on one?s point of view ? reports from hong kong, where tens of thousands of students and other demonstrators protested the chinese communist party?s plan to screen candidates for top hong kong offices.under the agreement by which britain turned hong kong over to china in 1997, there are to be free elections for the city?s chief executive in 2017. but late in august, china declared that the candidates would be vetted, essentially undermining the democratic process.protesters ? dubbed ?occupy central with love and peace? by participants and the ?umbrella revolution? on social media for the ubiquitous umbrellas deployed against tear gas, pepper spray and the occasional downpour ? poured out in vast numbers, occupying key intersections across the crowded city.at week?s end, the protest began to lose momentum, partly from lack of a unified leadership or program, and partly under pressure from residents seeking to open blocked thoroughfares. the current chief executive, leung chun-ying, and his beijing mentors were certain to see that as a victory.but the very absence of a coherent organization put the lie to beijing?s claim that the demonstrations were a conspiracy of anti-china forces. china?s president, xi jinping, has made clear that he will not allow western-style democracy in hong kong ? and certainly not in china, where news of the demonstrations was blocked. this one is not going away.ebola in america the ability of the ebola virus to leap continents in a single bound was demonstrated by thomas e. duncan, a liberian who became infected in the country?s capital of monrovia when he accompanied a 19-year-old woman dying of the disease to a hospital ? and helped carry her back home when the hospital could find no place for her. she died soon after.continue reading the main story four days after the mission of mercy, mr. duncan set off on sept. 19 on flights to brussels and on to the united states to visit friends in the large liberian community in dallas. he went through screening at the monrovia airport to identify potentially infected travelers ? his temperature was taken and he filled out a form saying he had not been in contact with any ebola patients. he later said he thought that the woman he helped was having problems with her pregnancy.in dallas, mr. duncan developed the symptoms so feared back in his country: the fever, sore throat, joint pains and headaches of incipient ebola. but when he went to the texas health presbyterian hospital on the night of sept. 25, and even after he told officials there that he had just arrived from west africa, doctors sent him home. he was back in the hospital on sunday, and this time the authorities went into high gear. an exhaustive search has begun to identify, and in some cases to quarantine, the 12 to 18 people who had been in close contact with mr. duncan in dallas. mr. duncan is now in serious but stable condition.continue reading the main story continue reading the main story authorities in monrovia said they will press charges against him for giving false information at the airport. they may fear that others who are potentially infected will also try to make it to europe or to the united states, where chances of survival are incomparably better than in monrovia.why pay so much attention to one case brought into the united states when so many people are becoming infected and dying in west africa? the case of mr. duncan is important in that it demonstrates how easily a rampant virus can spread to distant corners of the world.the united nations, however, was quick to warn that isolating affected countries is not the answer, both because of the hardships and panic it would create and the need for aid workers to come and go.security breach, part i omar j. gonzalez?s vault over the white house fence and his sprint deep into the presidential mansion raised some urgent questions about the competence of the secret service, an agency already battered by a series of well-publicized faux pas.before the feat of mr. gonzalez, a 42-year-old iraq war veteran, an armed security guard with an arrest record got into an elevator with president obama at the centers for disease control and prevention in atlanta and snapped some pictures. and back in 2011, the obamas were said to have been furious when they learned that the service was not immediately aware that shots had been fired at the white house. then there were the three agents sent home from the netherlands after one got drunk the night before the president was to arrive. and the eight agents fired after allegedly soliciting prostitutes on an official trip to colombia.so on tuesday, the director of the secret service, julia pierson, was thoroughly thrashed by congressmen of both parties at a house hearing. ?it won?t happen again,? she pledged, but it was too late. on wednesday, she resigned and joseph clancy, a former agent who had been known in the service as ?father joe? for his no-nonsense demeanor, was named acting head.one of his first tasks will be to get the secret service off the late-night talk shows. example: jimmy fallon, host of nbc?s ?tonight show,? says ms. pierson is going to miss working at the white house, ?but knowing the secret service, she should be able to come back any time she wants.?security breach, part iij. p. morgan was not known for thinking small, even if it?s not entirely certain that he actually said, ?if you have to ask the price, you can?t afford it.? the successor of the bank he founded, jpmorgan chase, is the largest in the nation, and whoever sneaked into its computers compromised not a paltry million accounts, as was initially reported, but the accounts of 76 million households and seven million small businesses.the breach was discovered in july, but the updated tally was revealed in a securities filing on thursday. it surpassed the huge recent data breaches at target and home depot, and is a lot more noxious. target and home depot involved credit cards; a bank has a lot more financial data.the puzzling thing is that investigators have found no evidence of looted customer accounts, so the motive remains unclear. serge schmemann is a member of the editorial board of the new york times. a version of this op-ed appears in print on october 5, 2014, on page sr2 of the national edition with the headline: a week dominated by hong kong, ebola and the secret service. order reprints|today's paper|subscribe more on nytimes.com site index news world u.s. politics new york business technology science health sports education obituaries today's paper corrections opinion today's opinion op-ed columnists editorials contributing writers op-ed contributors opinionator letters sunday review taking note room for debate public editor video: opinion arts today's arts art &amp; design artsbeat books dance movies music n.y.c. events guide television theater video games video: arts living automobiles crosswords dining &amp; wine education fashion &amp; style health home &amp; garden jobs magazine n.y.c. events guide real estate t magazine travel weddings &amp; celebrations listings &amp; more classifieds tools &amp; services times topics public editor n.y.c. events guide tv listings blogs cartoons multimedia photography video nyt store times journeys subscribe manage my account subscribe subscribe times premier home delivery digital subscriptions nyt now nyt opinion email newsletters alerts crosswords gift subscriptions corporate subscriptions education rate mobile applications replica edition international new york times ? 2014 the new york times company home search contact us work with us advertise your ad choices privacy terms of service terms of sale site map help site feedback subscriptions", "bull": 0}, {"raw_text": "skip to content taking note | chris christie?s other traffic problem search sponsored by search nytimes.com loading... see next articles see previous articles home page home page world u.s. politics new york business business opinion opinion technology science health sports sports arts arts fashion &amp; style fashion &amp; style dining &amp; wine dining &amp; wine home &amp; garden travel magazine real estate video crosswords times premier the upshot more africa americas asia pacific europe middle east at war india ink sinosphere education first draft elections city room artsbeat events dealbook economy energy markets media small business your money dealbook economy energy markets media small business your money op-ed columnists editorials contributing writers op-ed contributors opinionator letters sunday review taking note room for debate public editor cartoons op-ed columnists editorials contributing writers op-ed contributors opinionator letters sunday review taking note room for debate public editor cartoons bits personal tech environment space &amp; cosmos well health guide fitness &amp; nutrition money &amp; policy the new old age views baseball basketball: college basketball: n.b.a. football: college football: n.f.l. golf hockey soccer tennis baseball basketball: college basketball: n.b.a. football: college football: n.f.l. golf hockey soccer tennis art &amp; design artsbeat books dance movies music n.y.c. events guide television theater video games art &amp; design artsbeat books dance movies music n.y.c. events guide television theater video games t magazine motherlode on the runway weddings t magazine motherlode on the runway weddings cooking restaurants cooking restaurants commercial real estate great homes &amp; destinations my real estate u.s. &amp; politics international new york opinion times documentaries business technology culture style health dining &amp; wine travel sports real estate science the upshot crosswords today's paper obituaries automobiles corrections multimedia photography classifieds tools &amp; services jobs times topics blogs nyt store times journeys subscribe manage account charles m. blow david brooks frank bruni roger cohen gail collins ross douthat maureen dowd thomas l. friedman nicholas kristof paul krugman joe nocera charles m. blow david brooks frank bruni roger cohen gail collins ross douthat maureen dowd thomas l. friedman nicholas kristof paul krugman joe nocera chris christie?s other traffic problem by eleanor randolph october 3, 2014 12:30 pmoctober 3, 2014 12:30 pm commuters and railroad passengers in the northeast got more bad news this week. it turns out that hurricane sandy two years ago did a lot more damage than the experts originally thought, especially to the railroad tunnels coming into manhattan. engineers for amtrak reported thursday that four tunnels under the rivers around manhattan will have to be shut down, one by one, in the next few years. they are not unsafe, amtrak officials stressed. but the fixes now in place are not permanent.to see the full article, subscribe here. featured posts, amtrak, christie, christopher j, hudson river, infrastructure (public works), new jersey, new york state more on nytimes.com previous post closing down abortion clinics, giving fetuses lawyers next post ?redskins? is offensive, but the f.c.c. shouldn?t ban the term about andrew rosenthal, the times?s editorial page editor since january 2007, oversees the editorial board, the letters and op-ed departments, and sunday review. he has held numerous positions at the times, including assistant managing editor for news, foreign editor, national editor and washington editor. follow @andyrnyt on twitter juliet lapidos writes on cultural topics for the editorial page and is the editor of this blog. follow @julietlapidos on twitter david firestone writes about politics and congress and is the editorial board's project editor. he has covered numerous political campaigns and the 2000 presidential recount. follow @fstonenyt on twitter for information on other frequent contributors, meet the editorial writers for the times. jobs without prosperity ?redskins? is offensive, but the f.c.c. shouldn?t ban the term chris christie?s other traffic problem closing down abortion clinics, giving fetuses lawyers readers respond to the secret service fiasco paul ryan and the ?armchair general? editorials columnists opinionator reining in egypt?s military aid it?s time for the united states to disabuse egyptian leaders of the notion that they are entitled to aid in perpetuity. still dawdling on trucker training the department of transportation should have set standards more than 20 years ago. silicon valley?s diversity problem technology companies should make it a priority to improve their work forces with more women and minorities. publishing battle should be covered, not joined has new york times coverage of the fight between amazon and book publishers tipped in favor of the publishers? isis, boko haram and batman a bit of dialogue from ?the dark knight? rings relevant in today?s world of disorder. i love lena there is a reason cultural conservatives like ?girls? and its critique of modern liberal life. too many secrets, not enough service did gender play a role in julia pierson losing her job as the chief executive of the secret service? the church?s gay obsession a rash of cruel firings shows how selectively catholic leaders enforce their laws. ?invisible? credit? (read this now!) millions of financially responsible consumers don't have credit scores and can't get loans. now there are ways to make them 'visible' to lenders. would marriage ruin our happiness? my only hope was that the love would die slowly, so slowly i might not notice. swing state envy, anyone? brooks and collins on the confounding mid-term elections. massacre at centralia one of the worst crimes of the civil war took place in an obscure corner of missouri. archive follow taking note on site index news world u.s. politics new york business technology science health sports education obituaries today's paper corrections opinion today's opinion op-ed columnists editorials contributing writers op-ed contributors opinionator letters sunday review taking note room for debate public editor video: opinion arts today's arts art &amp; design artsbeat books dance movies music n.y.c. events guide television theater video games video: arts living automobiles crosswords dining &amp; wine education fashion &amp; style health home &amp; garden jobs magazine n.y.c. events guide real estate t magazine travel weddings &amp; celebrations listings &amp; more classifieds tools &amp; services times topics public editor n.y.c. events guide tv listings blogs cartoons multimedia photography video nyt store times journeys subscribe manage my account subscribe subscribe times premier home delivery digital subscriptions nyt now nyt opinion email newsletters alerts crosswords gift subscriptions corporate subscriptions education rate mobile applications replica edition international new york times ? 2014 the new york times company contact us work with us advertise your ad choices privacy terms of service terms of sale site map help site feedback subscriptions you?ve reached the limit of 10 free articles a month subscribe to continue reading selected based on your recently read articles. 36 hours in izmir, turkey the pentagon as silicon valley?s incubator a 3-d scanner reaches for the masses as humans change landscape, brains of some animals change, too the voice-off: android vs. siri wind farms take root out at sea already a subscriber? if you are a home delivery subscriber and need to link your account, start here. &lt;iframe src=\"https://3951336.fls.doubleclick.net/activityi;src=3951336;type=remar664;cat=gatew0;ord=1?\" width=\"1\" height=\"1\" style=\"display:none;\"&gt;&lt;/iframe&gt; campaign: nyt2014_gw_recommended_articles_bau -- 253506, creative: nyt2014_gw_recarticles_bau_486wl_486ww_486wy -- 385440, page: gateway_opinion.nytimes.com, targetedpage: gateway_opinion.nytimes.com, position: gateway", "bull": 0}, {"raw_text": "skip to content op-talk | shamed, flamed, harassed: what it?s like to be called fat online search sponsored by search nytimes.com loading... see next articles see previous articles home page home page world u.s. politics new york business business opinion opinion technology science health sports sports arts arts fashion &amp; style fashion &amp; style dining &amp; wine dining &amp; wine home &amp; garden travel magazine real estate video crosswords times premier the upshot more africa americas asia pacific europe middle east at war india ink sinosphere education first draft elections city room artsbeat events dealbook economy energy markets media small business your money dealbook economy energy markets media small business your money op-ed columnists editorials contributing writers op-ed contributors opinionator letters sunday review taking note room for debate public editor cartoons op-ed columnists editorials contributing writers op-ed contributors opinionator letters sunday review taking note room for debate public editor cartoons bits personal tech environment space &amp; cosmos well health guide fitness &amp; nutrition money &amp; policy the new old age views baseball basketball: college basketball: n.b.a. football: college football: n.f.l. golf hockey soccer tennis baseball basketball: college basketball: n.b.a. football: college football: n.f.l. golf hockey soccer tennis art &amp; design artsbeat books dance movies music n.y.c. events guide television theater video games art &amp; design artsbeat books dance movies music n.y.c. events guide television theater video games t magazine motherlode on the runway weddings t magazine motherlode on the runway weddings cooking restaurants cooking restaurants commercial real estate great homes &amp; destinations my real estate u.s. &amp; politics international new york opinion times documentaries business technology culture style health dining &amp; wine travel sports real estate science the upshot crosswords today's paper obituaries automobiles corrections multimedia photography classifieds tools &amp; services jobs times topics blogs nyt store times journeys subscribe manage account charles m. blow david brooks frank bruni roger cohen gail collins ross douthat maureen dowd thomas l. friedman nicholas kristof paul krugman joe nocera charles m. blow david brooks frank bruni roger cohen gail collins ross douthat maureen dowd thomas l. friedman nicholas kristof paul krugman joe nocera shamed, flamed, harassed: what it?s like to be called fat online by anna north october 3, 2014 11:24 amoctober 3, 2014 11:24 am photocredit martin diebel/fstop ?getty images search for the word ?fat? on twitter and you?ll likely find a torrent of criticisms, insults, and jokes at overweight people?s expense. now researchers have undertaken?such an experiment in a much more systematic way, across a variety of platforms ? and what they?ve found may give the public health community a look at the reality of being overweight online. for a study published in the journal translational behavioral medicine, the researchers?wen-ying sylvia chou, abby prestin, and stephen kunath analyzed a variety of social-media messages ? tweets, facebook posts, and comments on blogs and forums?? that contained words like ?obese,? ?overweight,? and ?fat.? ?the most prevalent?theme? throughout these messages, they write,??is derogation and stigma against?overweight individuals.? they noticed ?moral repugnance toward overweight people,? ?irritation and anger? directed at them, and, in more extreme cases,?harassment. tweets ?where aggressors directly and publicly attack other?users with weight-related insults,? they write, ?are unfortunately?common.? twitter as a whole, they write, ?appears to be a unique channel that potentially perpetuates and enables terse and insensitive flaming or aggressive cyberbullying.? among the most retweeted messages involving words like ?fat? or ?overweight??were jokes denigrating overweight people. users also tended to fault individuals themselves for being overweight, rather than considering their circumstances. ?i?m trained in part in public health,? ms. chou told op-talk, ?and?we think a lot about environmental factors, policy, social and system-level factors, and that did not come up much? in the data. instead, much online conversation took the view that ?the individuals are to blame.? ms. chou was also struck by the misogyny she and her coauthors found. she noted that the word ?fat? commonly appeared along with ?girl,? ?lady,? or sexist terms. ?if you?re overweight and a woman, you?re targeted so much more? than men are, she said. ?it was really an undercurrent that couldn?t be ignored.? the findings came as no surprise to virgie tovar, an author and activist who started the hashtag #losehatenotweight. she told op-talk that after an interview with her appeared on yahoo! health, ?a dedicated number of people went onto my instagram feed, and every single person who had ever hashtagged #losehatenotweight got personally attacked by these people.? ?what?s interesting about this study is it gives a portrait, a snapshot of the general hostility online,? she said. ?my experience is there is a dedicated group of people who are very explicitly interested in stalking and terrorizing fat people.? the authors? findings about misogyny especially resonated with her. ??fat? has become this catchall word for all of the various hot-button issues we as a culture are metabolizing and dealing with,? she said. ?the study really clearly shows the connection between our anxiety around women, our anxiety around women?s rights? and weight stigma. while?women?s bodies were once treated as the property of men, she said,??we?re in a different era now around women having autonomy,? and ?that creates deep cultural anxiety.? ?when women get to choose what their body size is, and they get to choose what they eat and they get to choose what kind of clothes they wear, this is indicating a major paradigm shift,? she added. ?i think you?ve consistently seen backlash from the culture any time a woman tries to stake autonomy.? and, she argued, weight-related prejudice could?hurt?women of color especially severely. ?when you take into account the preexisting stigma around race and gender and then you add the fat piece, you?re talking about a stigma load that could be really, really potentially harmful.? ms. chou noted that psychological research has documented the ill effects of weight stigma:??shaming is not a solution. it?s not going to make people get healthier.? she hopes her research will offer something that?s been missing from some public-health campaigns around obesity: a real understanding of what overweight people face as they move through the world. ?the online environment i think in some ways mirrors the experience of people who struggle with weight,? she said. ?we don?t think about that enough in public health. you wear your body, so you can?t even hide it, even online when there?s so much just unknown.? her study did reveal some positive developments, including users fighting back against fat-shaming (one said, ?the only ?overweight? thing about adele is her?paycheck!?). she and her co-authors also mention lady gaga and other celebrities who use their social-media influence to combat stigma. ms. chou suggested that organizations like the c.d.c. might even seek to partner with celebrities: ?i think we need to think more creatively about who?s already getting the following, and maybe leveraging those networks.? for her part, ms. tovar wants?the kind of stigma the study revealed to be turned on its head.??i would like to see fatphobia and fatphobic remarks being treated in the same way as any other form of bullying and violence,? she?said. while in some places today??making fun of fat people makes you the funny person in the room,? she added, ?i?d like to make it such that you become the ostracized person in the room.? deeper dive, computers and the internet, medicine and health, obesity, research, twitter, weight more on nytimes.com previous post is hong kong?s ?umbrella revolution? a new tiananmen? next post the international criminal court v. the bosnian serb about paul smalera is the editor of nyt opinion and op-talk.@smalera john guida is a staff editor for nyt opinion and op-talk.@guidanyt anna north is a staff editor for nyt opinion and op-talk.@annanorthtweets anna altman is a writer for nyt opinion and op-talk. @banannaaltman jake flanagin is a writer for nyt opinion and op-talk.@jakeflanagin hanna kozlowska is a writer for nyt opinion and op-talk.@hannakozlowska sara barrett is a photo editor for nyt opinion and op-talk. jeffrey scales is a photo editor for nyt opinion and op-talk.@jhensonscales follow us on @nytopinion on twitter twitter follow site index news world u.s. politics new york business technology science health sports education obituaries today's paper corrections opinion today's opinion op-ed columnists editorials contributing writers op-ed contributors opinionator letters sunday review taking note room for debate public editor video: opinion arts today's arts art &amp; design artsbeat books dance movies music n.y.c. events guide television theater video games video: arts living automobiles crosswords dining &amp; wine education fashion &amp; style health home &amp; garden jobs magazine n.y.c. events guide real estate t magazine travel weddings &amp; celebrations listings &amp; more classifieds tools &amp; services times topics public editor n.y.c. events guide tv listings blogs cartoons multimedia photography video nyt store times journeys subscribe manage my account subscribe subscribe times premier home delivery digital subscriptions nyt now nyt opinion email newsletters alerts crosswords gift subscriptions corporate subscriptions education rate mobile applications replica edition international new york times ? 2014 the new york times company contact us work with us advertise your ad choices privacy terms of service terms of sale site map help site feedback subscriptions", "bull": 0}, {"raw_text": "nytimes.com no longer supports internet explorer 8 or earlier. please upgrade your browser. learn more ? skip to content skip to navigation view mobile version the opinion pages|remember our syrian allies search sponsored by search nytimes.com http://nyti.ms/1r7axyl loading... see next articles see previous articles home page home page world u.s. politics new york business business opinion opinion technology science health sports sports arts arts fashion &amp; style fashion &amp; style dining &amp; wine dining &amp; wine home &amp; garden travel magazine real estate video crosswords times premier the upshot more africa americas asia pacific europe middle east at war india ink sinosphere education first draft elections city room artsbeat events dealbook economy energy markets media small business your money dealbook economy energy markets media small business your money op-ed columnists editorials contributing writers op-ed contributors opinionator letters sunday review taking note room for debate public editor cartoons op-ed columnists editorials contributing writers op-ed contributors opinionator letters sunday review taking note room for debate public editor cartoons bits personal tech environment space &amp; cosmos well health guide fitness &amp; nutrition money &amp; policy the new old age views baseball basketball: college basketball: n.b.a. football: college football: n.f.l. golf hockey soccer tennis baseball basketball: college basketball: n.b.a. football: college football: n.f.l. golf hockey soccer tennis art &amp; design artsbeat books dance movies music n.y.c. events guide television theater video games art &amp; design artsbeat books dance movies music n.y.c. events guide television theater video games t magazine motherlode on the runway weddings t magazine motherlode on the runway weddings cooking restaurants cooking restaurants commercial real estate great homes &amp; destinations my real estate u.s. &amp; politics international new york opinion times documentaries business technology culture style health dining &amp; wine travel sports real estate science the upshot crosswords today's paper obituaries automobiles corrections multimedia photography classifieds tools &amp; services jobs times topics blogs nyt store times journeys subscribe manage account charles m. blow david brooks frank bruni roger cohen gail collins ross douthat maureen dowd thomas l. friedman nicholas kristof paul krugman joe nocera charles m. blow david brooks frank bruni roger cohen gail collins ross douthat maureen dowd thomas l. friedman nicholas kristof paul krugman joe nocera the opinion pages | op-ed contributor remember our syrian allies by robert s. fordoct. 3, 2014 inside photo airstrikes, reportedly by the u.s.-led coalition on isis positions, did heavy damage to the village of kfar derian in aleppo province. credit sami ali/getty images-agence france-presse continue reading the main story continue reading the main story continue reading the main story share this page continue reading the main story continue reading the main story washington ? president obama made the right decision to boost military aid to moderate syrian rebels last year, but today america?s approach to attacking islamic state fighters risks undermining the moderate opposition and alienating support among the syrian public.last friday, for the first time i can recall, opponents of the government of president bashar al-assad burned an american flag, and anti-american demonstrations mushroomed across opposition-held areas in syria. these people have no love for the islamic state, also known as isis, but this means something went seriously wrong with our initial campaign of airstrikes. continue reading the main story related coverage protests erupt in homs over bombings that killed dozens of syrian schoolchildren oct. 2, 2014 isis takes a kurdish village in syria as car bombs kill dozens in homs oct. 1, 2014 the rebels were furious that the americans had not targeted the assad government, which has killed far more syrian civilians than the islamic state has. syrians perceive, wrongly, that the americans and regional allies don?t care about the government?s atrocities, and are concerned only with the islamic state. our targeting of terrorist elements attached to the nusra front ? the syrian branch of al qaeda, which is fighting the assad government ? added to the rebels? suspicion that the americans were helping mr. assad as much as fighting the islamic state.moderate armed opposition groups also looked foolish because the american side didn?t coordinate the strikes with them, even though we have worked with them before. an american journalist on the turkish border told me last week that moderate rebels were briefed on the strikes only after most of us had already seen the video evidence via the internet. we also made the moderate fighters appear na?ve about working with us because the attacks didn?t much help their battles against the islamic state in northern syria.with public distrust of american motives running high in syria, we?re disempowering the very opposition we?re supposed to be helping. leaders of the free syrian army have demanded that attacks focus on ?the forces of tyranny and the patrons of extremism represented by the assad regime.? we need a swift tactical adjustment to reassure the syrian opposition of our good intent.the united states and its partners must supply more ammunition and equipment to moderate groups in northern and southern syria. since 2011, the moderates have been hampered by unreliable supply lines ? to the benefit of government forces, as well as extremist opposition groups like the islamic state and the nusra front. moderate fighters near the northern city of aleppo are in especially urgent need since they face the islamic state on one front and government troops on another. logistical support must be a more urgent priority than training programs, which will take months to bear fruit.the united states has directly supported the moderate opposition for 18 months ? help that long predates our actions against the islamic state. we could do more to remind syrians of this, both in public and in private.the administration must also avoid the mistake we made before, with the syrian armed opposition?s military command, when we and our regional friends funneled aid directly to myriad groups. we must support a unified syrian command structure by channeling our assistance through it, and we need to insist that our arab allies do the same. otherwise, our actions will only help to fragment the moderate armed opposition.continue reading the main story continue reading the main story we should be doing more to coordinate our attacks with opposition commanders. obviously, we cannot risk compromising our operations and intelligence security, but we should be communicating better with moderate fighters so that they can exploit our airstrikes against the islamic state and recommend targets. longer-term strategic goals need to be part of these discussions, since this will be a long campaign.better communication also extends to an effort to reach arabic media with information about whom we?re bombing and why. our targeting of nusra front jihadis was a case in point: nobody in syria had ever heard of khorasan. the message that these particular jihadis were planning attacks against western targets was lost on a syrian audience: to them, it simply looked as though we were targeting a force that was engaged in fighting mr. assad. another example came when coalition aircraft blew up a grain silo in islamic state-occupied northern syria. in a country starved of food supplies, syrians were outraged.as we explain our actions, we have to avoid the mistakes made in iraq. military operations unfortunately carry the risk of civilian casualties. we need to ensure our targeting intelligence is as accurate as possible, but if operations cause civilian casualties, we must broadcast clear expressions of regret, not denials, to the arabic-language media.headlines about the american military?s relaxing its guidelines for determining acceptable levels of risk to civilians only made this task harder. if we aim to deprive the islamic state and the nusra front of popular support, that kind of message is counterproductive.the way the administration talks about the moderate syrian opposition is crucial. top officials now say that boosting the capabilities of these rebels is vital to american strategy against the islamic state, and that we will still press mr. assad to accept a transitional government. but even this year, in an effort to defend past hesitation about supporting the moderate rebels, officials have talked about them as some kind of civilian rabble. the moderate opposition and its fighters were never that, but if we?re still saying so, it undercuts confidence within syria and the region about america?s commitment to implementing our policy now. robert s. ford, a senior fellow at the middle east institute in washington, was the united states ambassador to syria from 2010 to 2014. a version of this op-ed appears in print on october 4, 2014, in the international new york times. order reprints|today's paper|subscribe more on nytimes.com site index news world u.s. politics new york business technology science health sports education obituaries today's paper corrections opinion today's opinion op-ed columnists editorials contributing writers op-ed contributors opinionator letters sunday review taking note room for debate public editor video: opinion arts today's arts art &amp; design artsbeat books dance movies music n.y.c. events guide television theater video games video: arts living automobiles crosswords dining &amp; wine education fashion &amp; style health home &amp; garden jobs magazine n.y.c. events guide real estate t magazine travel weddings &amp; celebrations listings &amp; more classifieds tools &amp; services times topics public editor n.y.c. events guide tv listings blogs cartoons multimedia photography video nyt store times journeys subscribe manage my account subscribe subscribe times premier home delivery digital subscriptions nyt now nyt opinion email newsletters alerts crosswords gift subscriptions corporate subscriptions education rate mobile applications replica edition international new york times ? 2014 the new york times company home search contact us work with us advertise your ad choices privacy terms of service terms of sale site map help site feedback subscriptions", "bull": 0}, {"raw_text": "skip to content op-talk | steven salaita and the quagmire of academic freedom search sponsored by search nytimes.com loading... see next articles see previous articles home page home page world u.s. politics new york business business opinion opinion technology science health sports sports arts arts fashion &amp; style fashion &amp; style dining &amp; wine dining &amp; wine home &amp; garden travel magazine real estate video crosswords times premier the upshot more africa americas asia pacific europe middle east at war india ink sinosphere education first draft elections city room artsbeat events dealbook economy energy markets media small business your money dealbook economy energy markets media small business your money op-ed columnists editorials contributing writers op-ed contributors opinionator letters sunday review taking note room for debate public editor cartoons op-ed columnists editorials contributing writers op-ed contributors opinionator letters sunday review taking note room for debate public editor cartoons bits personal tech environment space &amp; cosmos well health guide fitness &amp; nutrition money &amp; policy the new old age views baseball basketball: college basketball: n.b.a. football: college football: n.f.l. golf hockey soccer tennis baseball basketball: college basketball: n.b.a. football: college football: n.f.l. golf hockey soccer tennis art &amp; design artsbeat books dance movies music n.y.c. events guide television theater video games art &amp; design artsbeat books dance movies music n.y.c. events guide television theater video games t magazine motherlode on the runway weddings t magazine motherlode on the runway weddings cooking restaurants cooking restaurants commercial real estate great homes &amp; destinations my real estate u.s. &amp; politics international new york opinion times documentaries business technology culture style health dining &amp; wine travel sports real estate science the upshot crosswords today's paper obituaries automobiles corrections multimedia photography classifieds tools &amp; services jobs times topics blogs nyt store times journeys subscribe manage account charles m. blow david brooks frank bruni roger cohen gail collins ross douthat maureen dowd thomas l. friedman nicholas kristof paul krugman joe nocera charles m. blow david brooks frank bruni roger cohen gail collins ross douthat maureen dowd thomas l. friedman nicholas kristof paul krugman joe nocera steven salaita and the quagmire of academic freedom by jake flanagin october 2, 2014 11:49 amoctober 2, 2014 11:49 am steven g. salaita says the university of illinois destroyed his career.?the palestinian-american professor was invited to?teach in the university?s american indian studies program earlier this year, but the board of trustees voted to block his?appointment to the tenure-track position following ?a?campaign by pro-israel?students, faculty members and donors who contended that his twitter comments on the bombardment of gaza this summer were anti-semitic,? according to the new york times?s robert mackey. (you can read a selection of the offending tweets in mr. mackey?s story.) ?being recruited for a tenured faculty?position at a major university is no small feat,? mr. salaita writes in an op-ed for the chicago tribune (paywall), published sept. 29. ?nor should it be;?tenure represents the pinnacle of an academic career. in my case, it involved numerous interviews with faculty in the american indian studies program at the university of illinois at urbana-champaign and an intensive review of my scholarship, pedagogy and professional service.?to see the full article, subscribe here. deeper dive, academic freedom, colleges and universities, education, freedom of religion, freedom of speech and expression, gaza strip, israel, jews and judaism, muslims and islam, palestinians, religion and belief, salaita, steven g, second amendment (us constitution), social media, tenure, twitter, university of illinois more on nytimes.com previous post do you have time to read this story? next post is hong kong?s ?umbrella revolution? a new tiananmen? about paul smalera is the editor of nyt opinion and op-talk.@smalera john guida is a staff editor for nyt opinion and op-talk.@guidanyt anna north is a staff editor for nyt opinion and op-talk.@annanorthtweets anna altman is a writer for nyt opinion and op-talk. @banannaaltman jake flanagin is a writer for nyt opinion and op-talk.@jakeflanagin hanna kozlowska is a writer for nyt opinion and op-talk.@hannakozlowska sara barrett is a photo editor for nyt opinion and op-talk. jeffrey scales is a photo editor for nyt opinion and op-talk.@jhensonscales follow us on @nytopinion on twitter twitter follow site index news world u.s. politics new york business technology science health sports education obituaries today's paper corrections opinion today's opinion op-ed columnists editorials contributing writers op-ed contributors opinionator letters sunday review taking note room for debate public editor video: opinion arts today's arts art &amp; design artsbeat books dance movies music n.y.c. events guide television theater video games video: arts living automobiles crosswords dining &amp; wine education fashion &amp; style health home &amp; garden jobs magazine n.y.c. events guide real estate t magazine travel weddings &amp; celebrations listings &amp; more classifieds tools &amp; services times topics public editor n.y.c. events guide tv listings blogs cartoons multimedia photography video nyt store times journeys subscribe manage my account subscribe subscribe times premier home delivery digital subscriptions nyt now nyt opinion email newsletters alerts crosswords gift subscriptions corporate subscriptions education rate mobile applications replica edition international new york times ? 2014 the new york times company contact us work with us advertise your ad choices privacy terms of service terms of sale site map help site feedback subscriptions", "bull": 0}, {"raw_text": "skip to content dealbook | yahoo in talks to sink some of its alibaba cash into snapchat email facebook twitter more subscribe now campaign: nyt2014_bar1_duallp_buttononly_ie7_48f66 -- 252929, creative: nyt2014_bar1_buttononly_dual_48f66 -- 377235, page: blog.nytimes.com/dealbook/post, targetedpage: blog.nytimes.com/dealbook/post, position: bar1 search sponsored by search nytimes.com business day play video aboard a cargo colossus for the wolf of luxury, a chance to be a lamb justices weighing wages for after-work screenings vocations: the field team coordinator taking stock after a disaster g.m. issues new recalls for 57,000 autos in u.s. technophoria just the facts? this dossier goes further the workologist when your ex-boss haunts twitter ways to protect yourself after the jpmorgan hacking fair game an open window for insider sales corner office deborah bial of the posse foundation: success isn?t always about you your money beware of shifting options within medicare plans retiring more older adults are struggling with substance abuse in hindsight six years later, we?re still litigating the bailouts. here?s what we know. shortcuts the contrarians on stress: it can be good for you recovery in need of recovery jobs report highlights the wage growth puzzle the unrepentant bootlegger benefits of joining the herd loading... see next articles see previous articles business day home page home page world u.s. politics new york business business opinion opinion technology science health sports sports arts arts fashion &amp; style fashion &amp; style dining &amp; wine dining &amp; wine home &amp; garden travel magazine real estate video crosswords times premier the upshot more navigation section u.s. edition international edition navigation section home world u.s. politics n.y. / region business day technology sports opinion science health arts style photos video most emailed navigation section automobiles blogs books dining &amp; wine education home &amp; garden magazine movies music media &amp; advertising obituaries public editor real estate sunday review t magazine television theater times wire travel weddings / celebrations corrections navigation section recommendations saved navigation section account: navigation section log out navigation section subscribe log in africa americas asia pacific europe middle east at war india ink sinosphere education first draft elections city room artsbeat events dealbook economy energy markets media small business your money dealbook economy energy markets media small business your money op-ed columnists editorials contributing writers op-ed contributors opinionator letters sunday review taking note room for debate public editor cartoons op-ed columnists editorials contributing writers op-ed contributors opinionator letters sunday review taking note room for debate public editor cartoons bits personal tech environment space &amp; cosmos well health guide fitness &amp; nutrition money &amp; policy the new old age views baseball basketball: college basketball: n.b.a. football: college football: n.f.l. golf hockey soccer tennis baseball basketball: college basketball: n.b.a. football: college football: n.f.l. golf hockey soccer tennis art &amp; design artsbeat books dance movies music n.y.c. events guide television theater video games art &amp; design artsbeat books dance movies music n.y.c. events guide television theater video games t magazine motherlode on the runway weddings t magazine motherlode on the runway weddings cooking restaurants cooking restaurants commercial real estate great homes &amp; destinations my real estate u.s. &amp; politics international new york opinion times documentaries business technology culture style health dining &amp; wine travel sports real estate science the upshot crosswords today's paper obituaries automobiles corrections multimedia photography classifieds tools &amp; services jobs times topics blogs nyt store times journeys subscribe manage account charles m. blow david brooks frank bruni roger cohen gail collins ross douthat maureen dowd thomas l. friedman nicholas kristof paul krugman joe nocera charles m. blow david brooks frank bruni roger cohen gail collins ross douthat maureen dowd thomas l. friedman nicholas kristof paul krugman joe nocera mergers &amp; acquisitions investment banking private equity hedge funds i.p.o./offerings venture capital legal/regulatory technology nyt now yahoo in talks to sink some of its alibaba cash into snapchat by michael j. de la merced and mike isaac october 3, 2014 7:12 pmoctober 3, 2014 7:12 pm email share tweet save more photothe snapchat logo at the front entrance of its headquarters in venice, calif.credit kevork djansezian/getty images yahoo, flush with cash from selling a portion of its stake in the alibaba group, appears ready to bet on what it believes will be the next big internet phenomenon. the company has held talks to invest in snapchat ? a popular app that allows people to share photos and messages that self-destruct ? people briefed on the matter said on friday. the deal has not yet closed, some of these people added. should yahoo make the investment, it will join other prominent investors, including the venture capital firm kleiner perkins caufield &amp; byers, who have valued the service at about $10 billion. while yahoo is not expected to put a huge amount of money into snapchat, the investment could give it access to the messaging phenomenon and help yahoo become more relevant to young consumers. it would also give the company a more strategic stake in mobile technology, an area in which yahoo has long been seen as a laggard compared with competitors like facebook and google. yahoo has been bolstered by a roughly $6 billion haul from selling a significant portion of its holdings in alibaba, the large, fast-growing chinese e-commerce company that went public last month. at least half of the proceeds from the sale will go toward buying back stock, but some of the money could go toward strategic acquisitions and investments. talks between yahoo and snapchat gained steam late this summer, some of the people briefed on the matter said. in that vein, yahoo confirmed that it recently bought messageme, a small photo and text-messaging start-up in san francisco. for yahoo, it is another in a string of acquisitions of small mobile start-ups, which began soon after marissa mayer, yahoo?s chief executive, took the top position in 2012. that strategy could expose yahoo to criticism from shareholders leery that the alibaba windfall will lead to another spending spree. though snapchat has millions of regular users, who send hundreds of millions of photos and videos every day, it has yet to generate any revenue. the young company attracts attention in silicon valley circles, particularly because of its popularity in the much coveted millennial demographic. snapchat, which is based in venice, calif., has raised more than $160 million in venture capital; last fall, the company spurned a $3 billion acquisition offer from facebook. snapchat has been experimenting with ways to distribute content on its popular network. it has worked with musicians, large brands and popular users to figure out different ways to distribute ?snaps? ? the company?s name for its disappearing messages ? that will keep its members coming back regularly. this could be where the two companies see eye to eye. ms. mayer has repeatedly said that yahoo is a ?digital content company at its core? and has worked to increase its content offerings. the company has commissioned two television-length comedy series that will air exclusively on yahoo?s mobile apps and website. last fall, ms. mayer hired katie couric, the seasoned journalist who has been the anchor of news programs for nbc, cbs and abc, to be yahoo?s global news anchor. ms. couric recently attended a small private party thrown by snapchat?s founders during advertising week, an annual media industry event held in new york, according to a person familiar with the guest list. representatives for yahoo and snapchat declined to comment or did not respond to requests for comment on the talks, which were reported earlier by the wall street journal. a version of this article appears in print on 10/04/2014, on page b3 of the newyork edition with the headline: yahoo to put alibaba cash into snapchat . share technology, couric, katie, instant messaging, mayer, marissa, mergers, acquisitions and divestitures, snapchat inc, venture capital, yahoo! inc more on nytimes.com previous post metlife formally challenges ?systemically important? designation next post radioshack restructures part of its debt to help with holiday season investment banking hackers? attack cracked 10 financial firms in major assault mergers &amp; acquisitions a scramble to acquire for drug companies technology yahoo in talks to sink some of its alibaba cash into snapchat legal/regulatory metlife formally challenges ?systemically important? designation investment banking chief of citigroup?s banamex unit in mexico steps down legal/regulatory former jefferies trader can remain free while appealing conviction legal/regulatory secret goldman sachs tapes put pressure on new york fed restructuring &amp; bankruptcy ruling isn?t a free pass for cities to cut pensions, experts say morning agenda with sydney ember subscribe to dealbook e-mail and alerts sign up for the dealbook newsletter, delivered every morning and afternoon, and receive breaking news alerts throughout the day. subscribe follow us on @dealbook on twitter twitter follow site index news world u.s. politics new york business technology science health sports education obituaries today's paper corrections opinion today's opinion op-ed columnists editorials contributing writers op-ed contributors opinionator letters sunday review taking note room for debate public editor video: opinion arts today's arts art &amp; design artsbeat books dance movies music n.y.c. events guide television theater video games video: arts living automobiles crosswords dining &amp; wine education fashion &amp; style health home &amp; garden jobs magazine n.y.c. events guide real estate t magazine travel weddings &amp; celebrations listings &amp; more classifieds tools &amp; services times topics public editor n.y.c. events guide tv listings blogs cartoons multimedia photography video nyt store times journeys subscribe manage my account subscribe subscribe times premier home delivery digital subscriptions nyt now nyt opinion email newsletters alerts crosswords gift subscriptions corporate subscriptions education rate mobile applications replica edition international new york times ? 2014 the new york times company contact us work with us advertise your ad choices privacy terms of service terms of sale site map help site feedback subscriptions go to the previous story aboard a cargo colossus go to the next story log in don't have an account? register now email address password remember me forgot password? register already have an account? log in email address password retype password receive occasional email updates and special offers for new york times products and services. terms of service privacy policy edition u.s. international ?? (chinese) help faq contact us type size a type size small a type size medium a type size large my profile my account my saved items new! use your left and right arrow keys to browse articles.", "bull": 0}, {"raw_text": "skip to content bits | facebook receives european approval for $19 billion whatsapp deal email facebook twitter more subscribe now campaign: nyt2014_bar1_duallp_buttononly_ie7_48f66 -- 252929, creative: nyt2014_bar1_buttononly_dual_48f66 -- 377235, page: blog.nytimes.com/bits/post, targetedpage: blog.nytimes.com/bits/post, position: bar1 search sponsored by search nytimes.com technology dealbook yahoo in talks to invest in snapchat dealbook hackers? attack cracked 10 companies in major assault technophoria just the facts? this dossier goes further bits blog facebook receives european approval for $19 billion whatsapp deal facebook promises deeper review of user research, but is short on the particulars bits blog intel pulls ads from site after ?gamergate? boycott bits blog antitrust nominee in europe promises scrutiny of big tech companies bits blog taking london?s success elsewhere in britain bits blog new apple tool checks iphones for ?kill switch? security bits blog drones vs. kidneys: google autofill on the economy bits blog with new app, groupon goes after grocery deals paypal taps an outsider to push it into a new era bits blog at&amp;t wants you to put down the phone, and head for the cloud dealbook rocket internet shares fall in frankfurt trading debut dealbook with reddit deal, snoop dogg moonlights as a tech investor bits blog netflix?s chief executive pushes net neutrality in europe gadgetwise how to get more room in the sock drawer: sell your cellphone machine learning mobile malware: small numbers, but growing play video app smart smartphone photography evolves with camera apps and related tools video: testing the camera on the iphone 6 q&amp;a right-clicking without a mouse q&amp;a copying pc photos to an iphone the irl social clubs disruptions the women tech forgot as paypal spins off, apple pay signals new era at cash register doctors find barriers to sharing digital medical records swedish-owned firm defends bid for sensitive u.s. phone contract ride-sharing regulation uber improves life, economists agree room for debate when privacy and law enforcement collide times insider on the trail of an online pirate the unrepentant bootlegger loading... see next articles see previous articles technology home page home page world u.s. politics new york business business opinion opinion technology science health sports sports arts arts fashion &amp; style fashion &amp; style dining &amp; wine dining &amp; wine home &amp; garden travel magazine real estate video crosswords times premier the upshot more navigation section u.s. edition international edition navigation section home world u.s. politics n.y. / region business day technology sports opinion science health arts style photos video most emailed navigation section automobiles blogs books dining &amp; wine education home &amp; garden magazine movies music media &amp; advertising obituaries public editor real estate sunday review t magazine television theater times wire travel weddings / celebrations corrections navigation section recommendations saved navigation section account: navigation section log out navigation section subscribe log in africa americas asia pacific europe middle east at war india ink sinosphere education first draft elections city room artsbeat events dealbook economy energy markets media small business your money dealbook economy energy markets media small business your money op-ed columnists editorials contributing writers op-ed contributors opinionator letters sunday review taking note room for debate public editor cartoons op-ed columnists editorials contributing writers op-ed contributors opinionator letters sunday review taking note room for debate public editor cartoons bits personal tech environment space &amp; cosmos well health guide fitness &amp; nutrition money &amp; policy the new old age views baseball basketball: college basketball: n.b.a. football: college football: n.f.l. golf hockey soccer tennis baseball basketball: college basketball: n.b.a. football: college football: n.f.l. golf hockey soccer tennis art &amp; design artsbeat books dance movies music n.y.c. events guide television theater video games art &amp; design artsbeat books dance movies music n.y.c. events guide television theater video games t magazine motherlode on the runway weddings t magazine motherlode on the runway weddings cooking restaurants cooking restaurants commercial real estate great homes &amp; destinations my real estate u.s. &amp; politics international new york opinion times documentaries business technology culture style health dining &amp; wine travel sports real estate science the upshot crosswords today's paper obituaries automobiles corrections multimedia photography classifieds tools &amp; services jobs times topics blogs nyt store times journeys subscribe manage account charles m. blow david brooks frank bruni roger cohen gail collins ross douthat maureen dowd thomas l. friedman nicholas kristof paul krugman joe nocera charles m. blow david brooks frank bruni roger cohen gail collins ross douthat maureen dowd thomas l. friedman nicholas kristof paul krugman joe nocera social facebook receives european approval for $19 billion whatsapp deal by mark scott october 3, 2014 8:02 amoctober 3, 2014 8:02 am email share tweet save more london ? facebook is nearing the finish line of its $19 billion acquisition of the internet messaging service whatsapp. on friday, europe?s competition authorities approved the deal despite vocal opposition from telecom companies, which voiced concerns that the deal would harm their messaging and voice businesses.to see the full article, subscribe here. share policy, social, almunia, joaquin, antitrust laws and competition issues, europe, european commission, european union, facebook inc, instant messaging, mergers, acquisitions and divestitures, regulation and deregulation of industry, whatsapp inc more on nytimes.com previous post daily report: hackers? attack on jpmorgan affects 76 million households the bits daily update every weekday, get the latest technology news, analysis and buzz from around the web ? delivered to your inbox. sign up for our newsletter see a sample ? scuttlebot news from the web, annotated by our staff. intel issues statement on gamasutra advertising intel newsroom | intel apologizes for wading into \"gamergate\" controversy, but won't resume ad campaign on game web site. - nick wingfield tim cook emails apple employees before anniversary of jobs?s death 9to5mac | reflecting on steve jobs's death in an email to apple employees, tim cook wrote: \"steve?s life?s work produced the canvas on which artists now create masterpieces.\" - conor dougherty who will win the ridesharing war? an argument for why it won?t be consumers washington post | it could be silly to assume cities can welcome ever-higher numbers of relatively unregulated quasi-taxis with no costs to consumers. - ashwin seshagiri dubai detectives to use google glass to fight crime reuters | dubai detectives will soon be issued google glass glasses which will use facial recognition technology will help them fight crime. - conor dougherty visit the technology section for complete coverage of the industry. ? most viewed 1. a smartwatch, iphone 6 and more: highlights and analysis from apple's keynote 2. $199 apple iphone 6 is fiction, if not fantasy 3. apple plans smartwatch and larger iphones 4. signaling post-snowden era, new iphone locks out n.s.a. 5. review and video: with big new iphones, it?s what?s inside that counts most recent social facebook receives european approval for $19 billion whatsapp deal the european commission approved the deal despite vocal opposition from telecom companies concerned that the acquisition will harm their messaging and voice businesses. read?more? daily report: hackers? attack on jpmorgan affects 76 million households the disclosure by the bank dwarfs earlier estimates that attackers had gained access to roughly one million customer accounts. read?more? policy antitrust nominee in europe promises scrutiny of big tech companies 1 margrethe vestager, the nominee to become the next antitrust chief for the european union, signaled that she would look more deeply into whether amassing data entrenched the strength of digital companies like google. read?more? follow us on @nytimesbits on twitter twitter follow comment share your thoughts. all ?0 newest loading... read more comment all ?0 newest site index news world u.s. politics new york business technology science health sports education obituaries today's paper corrections opinion today's opinion op-ed columnists editorials contributing writers op-ed contributors opinionator letters sunday review taking note room for debate public editor video: opinion arts today's arts art &amp; design artsbeat books dance movies music n.y.c. events guide television theater video games video: arts living automobiles crosswords dining &amp; wine education fashion &amp; style health home &amp; garden jobs magazine n.y.c. events guide real estate t magazine travel weddings &amp; celebrations listings &amp; more classifieds tools &amp; services times topics public editor n.y.c. events guide tv listings blogs cartoons multimedia photography video nyt store times journeys subscribe manage my account subscribe subscribe times premier home delivery digital subscriptions nyt now nyt opinion email newsletters alerts crosswords gift subscriptions corporate subscriptions education rate mobile applications replica edition international new york times ? 2014 the new york times company contact us work with us advertise your ad choices privacy terms of service terms of sale site map help site feedback subscriptions technophoria just the facts? this dossier goes further go to the previous story facebook promises deeper review of user research, but is short on the particulars go to the next story you?ve reached the limit of 10 free articles a month subscribe to continue reading selected based on your recently read articles. delay in dallas ebola cleanup as workers balk at taskwith dry taps and toilets, california drought turns desperate dallas hospital alters account, raising questions on ebola casewhy ben bernanke can?t refinance his mortgagedepression denial syndromebrooklyn tech teacher was known as cool friend, until his arrest already a subscriber? if you are a home delivery subscriber and need to link your account, start here. &lt;iframe src=\"https://3951336.fls.doubleclick.net/activityi;src=3951336;type=remar664;cat=gatew0;ord=1?\" width=\"1\" height=\"1\" style=\"display:none;\"&gt;&lt;/iframe&gt; campaign: nyt2014_gw_recommended_articles_bau -- 253506, creative: nyt2014_gw_recarticles_bau_486wl_486ww_486wy -- 385440, page: gateway.nytimes.com, targetedpage: gateway.nytimes.com, position: gateway log in don't have an account? register now email address password remember me forgot password? register already have an account? log in email address password retype password receive occasional email updates and special offers for new york times products and services. terms of service privacy policy edition u.s. international ?? (chinese) help faq contact us type size a type size small a type size medium a type size large my profile my account my saved items new! use your left and right arrow keys to browse articles. verified commenters can leave comments on nytimes.com without initial moderation. verified status is earned based on a history of quality comments.", "bull": 0}, {"raw_text": "skip to content bits | intel pulls ads from site after ?gamergate? boycott email facebook twitter more search sponsored by search nytimes.com loading... see next articles see previous articles home page home page world u.s. politics new york business business opinion opinion technology science health sports sports arts arts fashion &amp; style fashion &amp; style dining &amp; wine dining &amp; wine home &amp; garden travel magazine real estate video crosswords times premier the upshot more navigation section u.s. edition international edition navigation section home world u.s. politics n.y. / region business day technology sports opinion science health arts style photos video most emailed navigation section automobiles blogs books dining &amp; wine education home &amp; garden magazine movies music media &amp; advertising obituaries public editor real estate sunday review t magazine television theater times wire travel weddings / celebrations corrections navigation section recommendations saved navigation section account: navigation section log out navigation section subscribe log in africa americas asia pacific europe middle east at war india ink sinosphere education first draft elections city room artsbeat events dealbook economy energy markets media small business your money dealbook economy energy markets media small business your money op-ed columnists editorials contributing writers op-ed contributors opinionator letters sunday review taking note room for debate public editor cartoons op-ed columnists editorials contributing writers op-ed contributors opinionator letters sunday review taking note room for debate public editor cartoons bits personal tech environment space &amp; cosmos well health guide fitness &amp; nutrition money &amp; policy the new old age views baseball basketball: college basketball: n.b.a. football: college football: n.f.l. golf hockey soccer tennis baseball basketball: college basketball: n.b.a. football: college football: n.f.l. golf hockey soccer tennis art &amp; design artsbeat books dance movies music n.y.c. events guide television theater video games art &amp; design artsbeat books dance movies music n.y.c. events guide television theater video games t magazine motherlode on the runway weddings t magazine motherlode on the runway weddings cooking restaurants cooking restaurants commercial real estate great homes &amp; destinations my real estate u.s. &amp; politics international new york opinion times documentaries business technology culture style health dining &amp; wine travel sports real estate science the upshot crosswords today's paper obituaries automobiles corrections multimedia photography classifieds tools &amp; services jobs times topics blogs nyt store times journeys subscribe manage account charles m. blow david brooks frank bruni roger cohen gail collins ross douthat maureen dowd thomas l. friedman nicholas kristof paul krugman joe nocera charles m. blow david brooks frank bruni roger cohen gail collins ross douthat maureen dowd thomas l. friedman nicholas kristof paul krugman joe nocera gaming nyt now intel pulls ads from site after ?gamergate? boycott by nick wingfield october 2, 2014 7:24 pmoctober 2, 2014 7:24 pm email share tweet save more for a little more than a month, a firestorm over sexism and journalistic ethics has roiled the video game community, culminating in an orchestrated campaign to pressure companies into pulling their advertisements from game sites. that campaign won a big victory in recent days with a decision by intel, the chip maker, to pull ads from gamasutra, a site for game developers. to see the full article, subscribe here. share computer and video games, discrimination, gamasutra, intel corporation, online advertising, women and girls more on nytimes.com previous post new apple tool checks iphones for ?kill switch? security next post antitrust nominee in europe promises scrutiny of big tech companies the bits daily update every weekday, get the latest technology news, analysis and buzz from around the web ? delivered to your inbox. sign up for our newsletter see a sample ? scuttlebot news from the web, annotated by our staff. intel issues statement on gamasutra advertising intel newsroom | intel apologizes for wading into \"gamergate\" controversy, but won't resume ad campaign on game web site. - nick wingfield tim cook emails apple employees before anniversary of jobs?s death 9to5mac | reflecting on steve jobs's death in an email to apple employees, tim cook wrote: \"steve?s life?s work produced the canvas on which artists now create masterpieces.\" - conor dougherty who will win the ridesharing war? an argument for why it won?t be consumers washington post | it could be silly to assume cities can welcome ever-higher numbers of relatively unregulated quasi-taxis with no costs to consumers. - ashwin seshagiri dubai detectives to use google glass to fight crime reuters | dubai detectives will soon be issued google glass glasses which will use facial recognition technology will help them fight crime. - conor dougherty visit the technology section for complete coverage of the industry. ? most viewed 1. a smartwatch, iphone 6 and more: highlights and analysis from apple's keynote 2. $199 apple iphone 6 is fiction, if not fantasy 3. apple plans smartwatch and larger iphones 4. signaling post-snowden era, new iphone locks out n.s.a. 5. review and video: with big new iphones, it?s what?s inside that counts most recent social facebook receives european approval for $19 billion whatsapp deal the european commission approved the deal despite vocal opposition from telecom companies concerned that the acquisition will harm their messaging and voice businesses. read?more? daily report: hackers? attack on jpmorgan affects 76 million households the disclosure by the bank dwarfs earlier estimates that attackers had gained access to roughly one million customer accounts. read?more? policy antitrust nominee in europe promises scrutiny of big tech companies margrethe vestager, the nominee to become the next antitrust chief for the european union, signaled that she would look more deeply into whether amassing data entrenched the strength of digital companies like google. read?more? follow us on @nytimesbits on twitter twitter follow site index news world u.s. politics new york business technology science health sports education obituaries today's paper corrections opinion today's opinion op-ed columnists editorials contributing writers op-ed contributors opinionator letters sunday review taking note room for debate public editor video: opinion arts today's arts art &amp; design artsbeat books dance movies music n.y.c. events guide television theater video games video: arts living automobiles crosswords dining &amp; wine education fashion &amp; style health home &amp; garden jobs magazine n.y.c. events guide real estate t magazine travel weddings &amp; celebrations listings &amp; more classifieds tools &amp; services times topics public editor n.y.c. events guide tv listings blogs cartoons multimedia photography video nyt store times journeys subscribe manage my account subscribe subscribe times premier home delivery digital subscriptions nyt now nyt opinion email newsletters alerts crosswords gift subscriptions corporate subscriptions education rate mobile applications replica edition international new york times ? 2014 the new york times company contact us work with us advertise your ad choices privacy terms of service terms of sale site map help site feedback subscriptions you?ve reached the limit of 10 free articles a month subscribe to continue reading selected based on your recently read articles. delay in dallas ebola cleanup as workers balk at taskwith dry taps and toilets, california drought turns desperate dallas hospital alters account, raising questions on ebola casewhy ben bernanke can?t refinance his mortgagedepression denial syndromebrooklyn tech teacher was known as cool friend, until his arrest already a subscriber? if you are a home delivery subscriber and need to link your account, start here. &lt;iframe src=\"https://3951336.fls.doubleclick.net/activityi;src=3951336;type=remar664;cat=gatew0;ord=1?\" width=\"1\" height=\"1\" style=\"display:none;\"&gt;&lt;/iframe&gt; campaign: nyt2014_gw_recommended_articles_bau -- 253506, creative: nyt2014_gw_recarticles_bau_486wl_486ww_486wy -- 385440, page: gateway_nyt_now.nytimes.com, targetedpage: gateway_nyt_now.nytimes.com, position: gateway my profile my account my saved items", "bull": 0}, {"raw_text": "skip to content bits | taking london?s success elsewhere in britain search sponsored by search nytimes.com loading... see next articles see previous articles home page home page world u.s. politics new york business business opinion opinion technology science health sports sports arts arts fashion &amp; style fashion &amp; style dining &amp; wine dining &amp; wine home &amp; garden travel magazine real estate video crosswords times premier the upshot more africa americas asia pacific europe middle east at war india ink sinosphere education first draft elections city room artsbeat events dealbook economy energy markets media small business your money dealbook economy energy markets media small business your money op-ed columnists editorials contributing writers op-ed contributors opinionator letters sunday review taking note room for debate public editor cartoons op-ed columnists editorials contributing writers op-ed contributors opinionator letters sunday review taking note room for debate public editor cartoons bits personal tech environment space &amp; cosmos well health guide fitness &amp; nutrition money &amp; policy the new old age views baseball basketball: college basketball: n.b.a. football: college football: n.f.l. golf hockey soccer tennis baseball basketball: college basketball: n.b.a. football: college football: n.f.l. golf hockey soccer tennis art &amp; design artsbeat books dance movies music n.y.c. events guide television theater video games art &amp; design artsbeat books dance movies music n.y.c. events guide television theater video games t magazine motherlode on the runway weddings t magazine motherlode on the runway weddings cooking restaurants cooking restaurants commercial real estate great homes &amp; destinations my real estate u.s. &amp; politics international new york opinion times documentaries business technology culture style health dining &amp; wine travel sports real estate science the upshot crosswords today's paper obituaries automobiles corrections multimedia photography classifieds tools &amp; services jobs times topics blogs nyt store times journeys subscribe manage account charles m. blow david brooks frank bruni roger cohen gail collins ross douthat maureen dowd thomas l. friedman nicholas kristof paul krugman joe nocera charles m. blow david brooks frank bruni roger cohen gail collins ross douthat maureen dowd thomas l. friedman nicholas kristof paul krugman joe nocera start-ups taking london?s success elsewhere in britain by mark scott october 2, 2014 1:32 pmoctober 2, 2014 1:32 pm london ? to find one of the main cheerleaders for britain?s technology sector, you have to take a trip to an open-plan office over an achingly trendy coffee shop in grimy east london. that is where gerard grech, chief executive of tech city uk, a government-funded body in charge of promoting the country?s digital economy, is pursuing a specific task: expanding the recent success of london?s tech sector to the rest of the country.to see the full article, subscribe here. start-ups, great britain, grech, gerard, london (england), sequoia capital, start-ups, tech city uk more on nytimes.com previous post with new app, groupon goes after grocery deals next post new apple tool checks iphones for ?kill switch? security the bits daily update every weekday, get the latest technology news, analysis and buzz from around the web ? delivered to your inbox. sign up for our newsletter see a sample ? scuttlebot news from the web, annotated by our staff. intel issues statement on gamasutra advertising intel newsroom | intel apologizes for wading into \"gamergate\" controversy, but won't resume ad campaign on game web site. - nick wingfield tim cook emails apple employees before anniversary of jobs?s death 9to5mac | reflecting on steve jobs's death in an email to apple employees, tim cook wrote: \"steve?s life?s work produced the canvas on which artists now create masterpieces.\" - conor dougherty who will win the ridesharing war? an argument for why it won?t be consumers washington post | it could be silly to assume cities can welcome ever-higher numbers of relatively unregulated quasi-taxis with no costs to consumers. - ashwin seshagiri dubai detectives to use google glass to fight crime reuters | dubai detectives will soon be issued google glass glasses which will use facial recognition technology will help them fight crime. - conor dougherty visit the technology section for complete coverage of the industry. ? most viewed 1. a smartwatch, iphone 6 and more: highlights and analysis from apple's keynote 2. $199 apple iphone 6 is fiction, if not fantasy 3. apple plans smartwatch and larger iphones 4. signaling post-snowden era, new iphone locks out n.s.a. 5. review and video: with big new iphones, it?s what?s inside that counts most recent social facebook receives european approval for $19 billion whatsapp deal the european commission approved the deal despite vocal opposition from telecom companies concerned that the acquisition will harm their messaging and voice businesses. read?more? daily report: hackers? attack on jpmorgan affects 76 million households the disclosure by the bank dwarfs earlier estimates that attackers had gained access to roughly one million customer accounts. read?more? policy antitrust nominee in europe promises scrutiny of big tech companies margrethe vestager, the nominee to become the next antitrust chief for the european union, signaled that she would look more deeply into whether amassing data entrenched the strength of digital companies like google. read?more? follow us on @nytimesbits on twitter twitter follow site index news world u.s. politics new york business technology science health sports education obituaries today's paper corrections opinion today's opinion op-ed columnists editorials contributing writers op-ed contributors opinionator letters sunday review taking note room for debate public editor video: opinion arts today's arts art &amp; design artsbeat books dance movies music n.y.c. events guide television theater video games video: arts living automobiles crosswords dining &amp; wine education fashion &amp; style health home &amp; garden jobs magazine n.y.c. events guide real estate t magazine travel weddings &amp; celebrations listings &amp; more classifieds tools &amp; services times topics public editor n.y.c. events guide tv listings blogs cartoons multimedia photography video nyt store times journeys subscribe manage my account subscribe subscribe times premier home delivery digital subscriptions nyt now nyt opinion email newsletters alerts crosswords gift subscriptions corporate subscriptions education rate mobile applications replica edition international new york times ? 2014 the new york times company contact us work with us advertise your ad choices privacy terms of service terms of sale site map help site feedback subscriptions you?ve reached the limit of 10 free articles a month subscribe to continue reading selected based on your recently read articles. 36 hours in izmir, turkey the pentagon as silicon valley?s incubator a 3-d scanner reaches for the masses as humans change landscape, brains of some animals change, too the voice-off: android vs. siri wind farms take root out at sea already a subscriber? if you are a home delivery subscriber and need to link your account, start here. &lt;iframe src=\"https://3951336.fls.doubleclick.net/activityi;src=3951336;type=remar664;cat=gatew0;ord=1?\" width=\"1\" height=\"1\" style=\"display:none;\"&gt;&lt;/iframe&gt; campaign: nyt2014_gw_recommended_articles_bau -- 253506, creative: nyt2014_gw_recarticles_bau_486wl_486ww_486wy -- 385440, page: gateway.nytimes.com, targetedpage: gateway.nytimes.com, position: gateway", "bull": 0}, {"raw_text": "nytimes.com no longer supports internet explorer 8 or earlier. please upgrade your browser. learn more ? skip to content skip to navigation view mobile version health|understanding the risks of ebola, and what ?direct contact? means emailsharetweetmore search sponsored by search nytimes.com http://nyti.ms/1x4flaa loading... see next articles see previous articles home page home page world u.s. politics new york business business opinion opinion technology science health sports sports arts arts fashion &amp; style fashion &amp; style dining &amp; wine dining &amp; wine home &amp; garden travel magazine real estate video crosswords times premier the upshot more navigation section u.s. edition international edition navigation section home world u.s. politics n.y. / region business day technology sports opinion science health arts style photos video most emailed navigation section automobiles blogs books dining &amp; wine education home &amp; garden magazine movies music media &amp; advertising obituaries public editor real estate sunday review t magazine television theater times wire travel weddings / celebrations corrections navigation section recommendations saved navigation section account: navigation section log out navigation section subscribe log in africa americas asia pacific europe middle east at war india ink sinosphere education first draft elections city room artsbeat events dealbook economy energy markets media small business your money dealbook economy energy markets media small business your money op-ed columnists editorials contributing writers op-ed contributors opinionator letters sunday review taking note room for debate public editor cartoons op-ed columnists editorials contributing writers op-ed contributors opinionator letters sunday review taking note room for debate public editor cartoons bits personal tech environment space &amp; cosmos well health guide fitness &amp; nutrition money &amp; policy the new old age views baseball basketball: college basketball: n.b.a. football: college football: n.f.l. golf hockey soccer tennis baseball basketball: college basketball: n.b.a. football: college football: n.f.l. golf hockey soccer tennis art &amp; design artsbeat books dance movies music n.y.c. events guide television theater video games art &amp; design artsbeat books dance movies music n.y.c. events guide television theater video games t magazine motherlode on the runway weddings t magazine motherlode on the runway weddings cooking restaurants cooking restaurants commercial real estate great homes &amp; destinations my real estate u.s. &amp; politics international new york opinion times documentaries business technology culture style health dining &amp; wine travel sports real estate science the upshot crosswords today's paper obituaries automobiles corrections multimedia photography classifieds tools &amp; services jobs times topics blogs nyt store times journeys subscribe manage account charles m. blow david brooks frank bruni roger cohen gail collins ross douthat maureen dowd thomas l. friedman nicholas kristof paul krugman joe nocera charles m. blow david brooks frank bruni roger cohen gail collins ross douthat maureen dowd thomas l. friedman nicholas kristof paul krugman joe nocera health |??nyt now understanding the risks of ebola, and what ?direct contact? means by denise gradyoct. 2, 2014 inside photo a liberian street artist worked on a mural in monrovia to inform people about the symptoms of ebola. credit dominique faget/agence france-presse ? getty images continue reading the main story continue reading the main story continue reading the main story share this page emailsharetweetsavemore continue reading the main story continue reading the main story can you catch ebola on a crowded bus or train if you are standing next to someone who is infected? what if that person sneezes or coughs on you? if the person has symptoms, the answer could be yes.questions that may have seemed theoretical a few days ago have taken on a troubling reality since a traveler from liberia, thomas e. duncan, carried the virus to texas and potentially exposed dozens of people before he was placed in isolation. and the hospital where he first sought help failed to make the diagnosis, leaving him in the community for several days when he was becoming more and more contagious. continue reading the main story related coverage delay in dallas ebola cleanup as workers balk at taskoct. 2, 2014 countering fear of ebola with education where west africans live in u.s.oct. 2, 2014 how to help in efforts to stem ebola?s tideoct. 2, 2014 u.s. aid effort in liberia barely off the ground as ebola ragesoct. 2, 2014 contact tracing is called pivotal in fighting ebolaoct. 2, 2014 continue reading the main story related in opinion room for debate: how to stop the spread of ebola?oct. 2, 2014 it could happen again, said dr. thomas r. frieden, director of the centers for disease control and prevention, in a telephone news briefing on thursday. he said there was no way to detect the disease during the incubation period ? the interval before symptoms set in ? so other infected people could pass fever checks at airports in west africa, just as mr. duncan did, and board planes to the united states. continue reading the main story open graphic graphic: retracing the steps of the dallas ebola patient but dr. frieden emphasized that the odds of contracting ebola in the united states were still extremely low. the disease is not contagious during the incubation period, and patients do not transmit it until they develop symptoms, he said. and those with symptoms will probably feel sick enough to stay home. people are highly unlikely to catch the disease on the bus or subway, dr. frieden said. the incubation period can run from two to 21 days, but is usually eight to 10. the first symptoms are typically fever, aches and pains, nausea, vomiting and diarrhea. even after they set in, it takes direct contact with bodily fluids to transmit ebola. blood, vomit, urine and diarrhea from very sick patients are highly infectious, but other body fluids like sweat, saliva, tears, semen and breast milk are also risky.direct contact means that the fluids splash or spray into someone else?s mouth, eyes or nose, or enter the bloodstream through cuts or breaks in the skin. continue reading the main story open graphic graphic: what are the chances ebola will spread in the united states? people can also contract the disease by touching infected fluids and then touching their eyes or mouth. the virus does not spread through the air, unlike measles or chickenpox. and ebola does not invade healthy skin, so merely touching secretions does not mean an infection will follow. but washing hands or using an alcohol-based hand sanitizer is essential after any potential contact, to avoid spreading the virus to other people or to one?s own eyes or mouth.ebola does not cause respiratory problems, but a cough from a sick patient could infect someone close enough to be sprayed with droplets of mucus or saliva. droplets can generally fly about three feet, so people dealing with anyone who may be ill are told to stand at least three feet away, preferably six. being within three feet of a patient for a prolonged time, without wearing protective gear, is considered direct contact, dr. frieden said.according to the c.d.c., the virus can survive for a few hours on dry surfaces like doorknobs and countertops. but it can survive for several days in puddles or other collections of body fluid at room temperature. it is not clear how long it may survive in soiled linens and clothing. bleach solutions can kill it. continue reading the main story more ebola coverage what you need to know about the ebola outbreak questions and answers on the scale of the outbreak and the science of the ebola virus. u.s. patient aided pregnant liberian, then took ill senior liberian officials said the man, thomas eric duncan from monrovia, had helped a woman who had ebola to the hospital a few days before he left for the united states. world burial boys of ebola in sierra leone, a group of young men take on the dirtiest work of the ebola outbreak: finding and burying the dead. daru journal surviving ebola, but untouchable back home as some survivors come back to the world of the living, they feel a chill of wariness, or worse, from neighbors. continue reading the main story continue reading the main story dr. frieden and other experts have been saying for months that even if ebola did reach the united states, it would not gain a foothold, because hospitals here would quickly diagnose it and would follow rigorous infection-control procedures that would prevent the disease from spreading to health workers or other patients.an american woman who traveled in uganda contracted the marburg virus, similar to ebola, and was treated in an american hospital in 2008 without spread of the disease.experts also say the disease would be quickly stamped out here because health authorities would trace all of a patient?s contacts and isolate any who developed symptoms.but mr. duncan?s case reveals a gap in the defenses: texas health presbyterian hospital failed to diagnose the disease when he first went there last thursday night, even though his symptoms were suggestive of ebola and he said he had recently arrived from liberia. he returned to the apartment where he was staying, potentially infecting those around him as well as the ambulance crew that wound up rushing him back to the same hospital on sunday.although there is no proven antiviral drug to treat ebola, supportive care to nurse people through the worst of its symptoms ? tremendous loss of fluids and electrolytes like potassium ? can greatly improve the odds of survival. so doctors believe the death rate here would be far lower than the devastating 70 percent in west africa.whether he knew it or not, boarding that plane in monrovia was mr. duncan?s best hope of saving his own life. a version of this article appears in print on october 3, 2014, on page a16 of the new york edition with the headline: understanding the risks of ebola, and what ?direct contact? means. order reprints|today's paper|subscribe most emailed forty portraits in forty years your money: beware of shifting options within medicare plans ways to protect yourself after the jpmorgan hacking savannah, both sides gail collins: the walrus and the politicians op-ed contributor: slang for the ages the most ambitious environmental lawsuit ever harvesting cotton-field capitalism n.c.a.a. fan map: how the country roots for college football dealbook: hackers? attack cracked 10 financial firms in major assault view complete list ? more on nytimes.com go to previous go to next loading... site index news world u.s. politics new york business technology science health sports education obituaries today's paper corrections opinion today's opinion op-ed columnists editorials contributing writers op-ed contributors opinionator letters sunday review taking note room for debate public editor video: opinion arts today's arts art &amp; design artsbeat books dance movies music n.y.c. events guide television theater video games video: arts living automobiles crosswords dining &amp; wine education fashion &amp; style health home &amp; garden jobs magazine n.y.c. events guide real estate t magazine travel weddings &amp; celebrations listings &amp; more classifieds tools &amp; services times topics public editor n.y.c. events guide tv listings blogs cartoons multimedia photography video nyt store times journeys subscribe manage my account subscribe subscribe times premier home delivery digital subscriptions nyt now nyt opinion email newsletters alerts crosswords gift subscriptions corporate subscriptions education rate mobile applications replica edition international new york times ? 2014 the new york times company home search contact us work with us advertise your ad choices privacy terms of service terms of sale site map help site feedback subscriptions my profile my account my saved items edition u.s. international ?? (chinese) help faq contact us type size a type size small a type size medium a type size large log in don't have an account? register now email address password remember me forgot password? register already have an account? log in email address password retype password receive occasional email updates and special offers for new york times products and services. terms of service privacy policy", "bull": 0}, {"raw_text": "skip to content city room | beneath central park, a teeming universe email facebook twitter more subscribe now campaign: nyt2014_bar1_duallp_buttononly_ie7_48f66 -- 252929, creative: nyt2014_bar1_buttononly_dual_48f66 -- 377235, page: blog.nytimes.com/cityroom/post, targetedpage: blog.nytimes.com/cityroom/post, position: bar1 search sponsored by search nytimes.com loading... see next articles see previous articles home page home page world u.s. politics new york business business opinion opinion technology science health sports sports arts arts fashion &amp; style fashion &amp; style dining &amp; wine dining &amp; wine home &amp; garden travel magazine real estate video crosswords times premier the upshot more navigation section u.s. edition international edition navigation section home world u.s. politics n.y. / region business day technology sports opinion science health arts style photos video most emailed navigation section automobiles blogs books dining &amp; wine education home &amp; garden magazine movies music media &amp; advertising obituaries public editor real estate sunday review t magazine television theater times wire travel weddings / celebrations corrections navigation section recommendations saved navigation section account: navigation section log out navigation section subscribe log in africa americas asia pacific europe middle east at war india ink sinosphere education first draft elections city room artsbeat events dealbook economy energy markets media small business your money dealbook economy energy markets media small business your money op-ed columnists editorials contributing writers op-ed contributors opinionator letters sunday review taking note room for debate public editor cartoons op-ed columnists editorials contributing writers op-ed contributors opinionator letters sunday review taking note room for debate public editor cartoons bits personal tech environment space &amp; cosmos well health guide fitness &amp; nutrition money &amp; policy the new old age views baseball basketball: college basketball: n.b.a. football: college football: n.f.l. golf hockey soccer tennis baseball basketball: college basketball: n.b.a. football: college football: n.f.l. golf hockey soccer tennis art &amp; design artsbeat books dance movies music n.y.c. events guide television theater video games art &amp; design artsbeat books dance movies music n.y.c. events guide television theater video games t magazine motherlode on the runway weddings t magazine motherlode on the runway weddings cooking restaurants cooking restaurants commercial real estate great homes &amp; destinations my real estate u.s. &amp; politics international new york opinion times documentaries business technology culture style health dining &amp; wine travel sports real estate science the upshot crosswords today's paper obituaries automobiles corrections multimedia photography classifieds tools &amp; services jobs times topics blogs nyt store times journeys subscribe manage account charles m. blow david brooks frank bruni roger cohen gail collins ross douthat maureen dowd thomas l. friedman nicholas kristof paul krugman joe nocera charles m. blow david brooks frank bruni roger cohen gail collins ross douthat maureen dowd thomas l. friedman nicholas kristof paul krugman joe nocera parks and recreation beneath central park, a teeming universe by andy newman october 2, 2014 1:05 pmoctober 2, 2014 1:05 pm email share tweet save more if you think central park is a lively place, you should see what?s underneath it. biologists found a staggering 167,000 kinds of microbes living in the park?s soil ? the vast majority of them never before documented.to see the full article, subscribe here. share parks and recreation, biology and biochemistry, central park (manhattan, ny), fierer, noah, microbiology, new york city, university of colorado more on nytimes.com previous post an awkward date at the modern next post new york today: subway artists, in a gallery about city room? is a news blog of live reporting, features and reader conversations about new york city. reader comments are moderated [read more]. send questions or suggestions by e-mail. browse posts by borough brooklyn | the bronx | manhattan | queens | staten island big city book club discussion the big city book club?s hot-summer reading selection was richard price?s best-selling 2008 novel, ?lush life.? the book is both an evocation of decades of life on the lower east side of manhattan and the tale of a violent crime whose effects ripple. one of the witnesses of the murder is initially considered a suspect, and even when he is exonerated, the trauma of the event stays long with him. the live discussion of the book was on july 15. to join the club and receive regular email updates, visit nytimes.com/marketing/bigcitybookclub. archive recent posts new york parking alert: alternate-side rules suspended through monday the alternate-side street-cleaning regulations will be suspended in the city from saturday to monday because of eid al-adha and yom kippur. read?more? big ticket | $16 million unit, reserved by a sponsor a four-bedroom at the art-deco walker tower in chelsea that was bought by one of the building?s sponsors was the sale of the week. read?more? week in pictures new york city?s week in pictures: oct. 3 a slide show from the past week in new york city and the region includes photos of a police officer?s funeral, the indian prime minister?s manhattan audience and the world?s largest tuba. read?more? metropolitan diary subway sleep: a poem 1 metropolitan diary: a poetic account of the sounds and sights on the subway that keep a sleeper awake and change with every eye opening. read?more? n.y.c. nature sulfur shelf mushroom tastes like chicken the bright sulfur shelf mushroom, known as the chicken of the woods, grows in the new york region from april to november. read?more? follow us on @nytmetro on twitter twitter follow site index news world u.s. politics new york business technology science health sports education obituaries today's paper corrections opinion today's opinion op-ed columnists editorials contributing writers op-ed contributors opinionator letters sunday review taking note room for debate public editor video: opinion arts today's arts art &amp; design artsbeat books dance movies music n.y.c. events guide television theater video games video: arts living automobiles crosswords dining &amp; wine education fashion &amp; style health home &amp; garden jobs magazine n.y.c. events guide real estate t magazine travel weddings &amp; celebrations listings &amp; more classifieds tools &amp; services times topics public editor n.y.c. events guide tv listings blogs cartoons multimedia photography video nyt store times journeys subscribe manage my account subscribe subscribe times premier home delivery digital subscriptions nyt now nyt opinion email newsletters alerts crosswords gift subscriptions corporate subscriptions education rate mobile applications replica edition international new york times ? 2014 the new york times company contact us work with us advertise your ad choices privacy terms of service terms of sale site map help site feedback subscriptions you?ve reached the limit of 10 free articles a month subscribe to continue reading selected based on your recently read articles. 36 hours in izmir, turkey the pentagon as silicon valley?s incubator a 3-d scanner reaches for the masses as humans change landscape, brains of some animals change, too the voice-off: android vs. siri wind farms take root out at sea already a subscriber? if you are a home delivery subscriber and need to link your account, start here. &lt;iframe src=\"https://3951336.fls.doubleclick.net/activityi;src=3951336;type=remar664;cat=gatew0;ord=1?\" width=\"1\" height=\"1\" style=\"display:none;\"&gt;&lt;/iframe&gt; campaign: nyt2014_gw_recommended_articles_bau -- 253506, creative: nyt2014_gw_recarticles_bau_486wl_486ww_486wy -- 385440, page: gateway.nytimes.com, targetedpage: gateway.nytimes.com, position: gateway log in don't have an account? register now email address password remember me forgot password? register already have an account? log in email address password retype password receive occasional email updates and special offers for new york times products and services. terms of service privacy policy edition u.s. international ?? (chinese) help faq contact us type size a type size small a type size medium a type size large my profile my account my saved items", "bull": 0}, {"raw_text": "nytimes.com no longer supports internet explorer 8 or earlier. please upgrade your browser. learn more ? skip to content skip to navigation view mobile version science|first carbon capture plant opens in canada search sponsored by search nytimes.com http://nyti.ms/1r3bc3w loading... see next articles see previous articles home page home page world u.s. politics new york business business opinion opinion technology science health sports sports arts arts fashion &amp; style fashion &amp; style dining &amp; wine dining &amp; wine home &amp; garden travel magazine real estate video crosswords times premier the upshot more africa americas asia pacific europe middle east at war india ink sinosphere education first draft elections city room artsbeat events dealbook economy energy markets media small business your money dealbook economy energy markets media small business your money op-ed columnists editorials contributing writers op-ed contributors opinionator letters sunday review taking note room for debate public editor cartoons op-ed columnists editorials contributing writers op-ed contributors opinionator letters sunday review taking note room for debate public editor cartoons bits personal tech environment space &amp; cosmos well health guide fitness &amp; nutrition money &amp; policy the new old age views baseball basketball: college basketball: n.b.a. football: college football: n.f.l. golf hockey soccer tennis baseball basketball: college basketball: n.b.a. football: college football: n.f.l. golf hockey soccer tennis art &amp; design artsbeat books dance movies music n.y.c. events guide television theater video games art &amp; design artsbeat books dance movies music n.y.c. events guide television theater video games t magazine motherlode on the runway weddings t magazine motherlode on the runway weddings cooking restaurants cooking restaurants commercial real estate great homes &amp; destinations my real estate u.s. &amp; politics international new york opinion times documentaries business technology culture style health dining &amp; wine travel sports real estate science the upshot crosswords today's paper obituaries automobiles corrections multimedia photography classifieds tools &amp; services jobs times topics blogs nyt store times journeys subscribe manage account charles m. blow david brooks frank bruni roger cohen gail collins ross douthat maureen dowd thomas l. friedman nicholas kristof paul krugman joe nocera charles m. blow david brooks frank bruni roger cohen gail collins ross douthat maureen dowd thomas l. friedman nicholas kristof paul krugman joe nocera science first carbon capture plant opens in canada by henry fountainoct. 2, 2014 inside continue reading the main story continue reading the main story continue reading the main story share this page continue reading the main story continue reading the main story the world?s first large-scale project to capture the greenhouse gas carbon dioxide from a coal-burning power plant opened on wednesday in western canada with a ceremony attended by government officials and utility executives from around the world. work to modify the boundary dam plant in estevan, saskatchewan, took five years and cost $1.2 billion. the carbon dioxide, separated from the plant?s flue gases, will be piped to a nearby oil field where it will increase oil production from wells and remain permanently underground. about a million tons of the gas are expected to be captured annually ? the equivalent of taking about 250,000 cars off the road. the project is considered an important test of whether capture technology can be economically used to reduce greenhouse gas emissions from burning of coal and other fossil fuels for energy production. a version of this brief appears in print on october 3, 2014, on page b2 of the new york edition with the headline: plant to capture carbon opens in western canada. order reprints|today's paper|subscribe more on nytimes.com site index news world u.s. politics new york business technology science health sports education obituaries today's paper corrections opinion today's opinion op-ed columnists editorials contributing writers op-ed contributors opinionator letters sunday review taking note room for debate public editor video: opinion arts today's arts art &amp; design artsbeat books dance movies music n.y.c. events guide television theater video games video: arts living automobiles crosswords dining &amp; wine education fashion &amp; style health home &amp; garden jobs magazine n.y.c. events guide real estate t magazine travel weddings &amp; celebrations listings &amp; more classifieds tools &amp; services times topics public editor n.y.c. events guide tv listings blogs cartoons multimedia photography video nyt store times journeys subscribe manage my account subscribe subscribe times premier home delivery digital subscriptions nyt now nyt opinion email newsletters alerts crosswords gift subscriptions corporate subscriptions education rate mobile applications replica edition international new york times ? 2014 the new york times company home search contact us work with us advertise your ad choices privacy terms of service terms of sale site map help site feedback subscriptions", "bull": 0}, {"raw_text": "nytimes.com no longer supports internet explorer 8 or earlier. please upgrade your browser. learn more ? skip to content skip to navigation view mobile version science|enterovirus 68 respiratory illness is linked to four deaths search sponsored by search nytimes.com http://nyti.ms/1nnilel loading... see next articles see previous articles home page home page world u.s. politics new york business business opinion opinion technology science health sports sports arts arts fashion &amp; style fashion &amp; style dining &amp; wine dining &amp; wine home &amp; garden travel magazine real estate video crosswords times premier the upshot more africa americas asia pacific europe middle east at war india ink sinosphere education first draft elections city room artsbeat events dealbook economy energy markets media small business your money dealbook economy energy markets media small business your money op-ed columnists editorials contributing writers op-ed contributors opinionator letters sunday review taking note room for debate public editor cartoons op-ed columnists editorials contributing writers op-ed contributors opinionator letters sunday review taking note room for debate public editor cartoons bits personal tech environment space &amp; cosmos well health guide fitness &amp; nutrition money &amp; policy the new old age views baseball basketball: college basketball: n.b.a. football: college football: n.f.l. golf hockey soccer tennis baseball basketball: college basketball: n.b.a. football: college football: n.f.l. golf hockey soccer tennis art &amp; design artsbeat books dance movies music n.y.c. events guide television theater video games art &amp; design artsbeat books dance movies music n.y.c. events guide television theater video games t magazine motherlode on the runway weddings t magazine motherlode on the runway weddings cooking restaurants cooking restaurants commercial real estate great homes &amp; destinations my real estate u.s. &amp; politics international new york opinion times documentaries business technology culture style health dining &amp; wine travel sports real estate science the upshot crosswords today's paper obituaries automobiles corrections multimedia photography classifieds tools &amp; services jobs times topics blogs nyt store times journeys subscribe manage account charles m. blow david brooks frank bruni roger cohen gail collins ross douthat maureen dowd thomas l. friedman nicholas kristof paul krugman joe nocera charles m. blow david brooks frank bruni roger cohen gail collins ross douthat maureen dowd thomas l. friedman nicholas kristof paul krugman joe nocera science |??nyt now enterovirus 68 respiratory illness is linked to four deaths by anahad o?connoroct. 1, 2014 inside continue reading the main story continue reading the main story continue reading the main story share this page continue reading the main story continue reading the main story at least four people have died after contracting a severe respiratory illness that has spread to more than 40 states, public health officials announced on wednesday.the deaths were the first to be linked to the nationwide outbreak of enterovirus 68, which has caused an influx of sick children ? some of them critically ill ? at hospitals around the country. the centers for disease control and prevention confirmed 472 cases of the infection as of wednesday, although experts said the true number of cases was likely to be many times that number.tests showed that four patients who died had been carrying the virus, but it was unclear to what extent the virus contributed to their deaths, the c.d.c. said. continue reading the main story related coverage limb frailty in children is studied for link to enterovirus 68sept. 30, 2014 outbreak of a respiratory illness escalates among children and mystifies scientistssept. 25, 2014 one of them was a 10-year-old girl from cumberland, r.i. her parents took her to a hospital last week because she had difficulty breathing and symptoms of a common cold. within 24 hours of being admitted she began to deteriorate rapidly, and she died a short time later, said dr. michael fine, the director of the state?s health department.?very quickly after they got to the hospital, things became dire,? he said.dr. fine said the girl was believed to have died from the combined effects of a bacterial infection ? staphylococcus aureus sepsis ? and enterovirus 68. the combination is exceedingly rare and causes severe sickness in children and adults.the c.d.c. did not disclose details about the other deaths.the first cases of enterovirus were reported in august at children?s mercy hospital in kansas city, mo. the infection typically causes fever, coughing and other intense symptoms that resemble those of a bad cold. some children ? particularly those with asthma ? can develop breathing problems that require emergency treatment.federal officials are also investigating reports of paralysis or muscle weakness and other poliolike symptoms in a small number of children, some of whom tested positive for enterovirus 68.before the current outbreak, enterovirus 68 had been linked to cases of sudden-onset paralysis in california.on wednesday, senator barbara boxer, democrat of california, sent a letter to the national institutes of health asking whether the agency was working to develop vaccines or treatments for the infection.?we already know that ev-d68 is extremely dangerous to our children, particularly those with asthma and pre-existing respiratory conditions,? ms. boxer wrote, using an alternate name for enterovirus 68. ?parents are wondering what more can be done to prevent their children from being infected.?at children?s mercy hospital in kansas city, where the outbreak struck hard and early, dr. mary anne jackson said that she and her colleagues had treated about 850 children suspected of having the infection. three of those children are being monitored closely because they are showing poliolike symptoms, but enterovirus has not been confirmed in those cases.dr. jackson said that cases of the infection there peaked in early september, hit a plateau and were now falling very slowly.?based on what i?m seeing here,? she said, ?i suspect that at least in my community, we?re going to be out of enterovirus season soon and we won?t be seeing it by the end of the month.? a version of this article appears in print on october 2, 2014, on page a4 of the new york edition with the headline: four deaths are linked to a respiratory illness. order reprints|today's paper|subscribe more on nytimes.com site index news world u.s. politics new york business technology science health sports education obituaries today's paper corrections opinion today's opinion op-ed columnists editorials contributing writers op-ed contributors opinionator letters sunday review taking note room for debate public editor video: opinion arts today's arts art &amp; design artsbeat books dance movies music n.y.c. events guide television theater video games video: arts living automobiles crosswords dining &amp; wine education fashion &amp; style health home &amp; garden jobs magazine n.y.c. events guide real estate t magazine travel weddings &amp; celebrations listings &amp; more classifieds tools &amp; services times topics public editor n.y.c. events guide tv listings blogs cartoons multimedia photography video nyt store times journeys subscribe manage my account subscribe subscribe times premier home delivery digital subscriptions nyt now nyt opinion email newsletters alerts crosswords gift subscriptions corporate subscriptions education rate mobile applications replica edition international new york times ? 2014 the new york times company home search contact us work with us advertise your ad choices privacy terms of service terms of sale site map help site feedback subscriptions", "bull": 0}, {"raw_text": "nytimes.com no longer supports internet explorer 8 or earlier. please upgrade your browser. learn more ? skip to content skip to navigation view mobile version science|why some monarch butterflies are marathoners search sponsored by search nytimes.com http://nyti.ms/1nltgvh loading... see next articles see previous articles home page home page world u.s. politics new york business business opinion opinion technology science health sports sports arts arts fashion &amp; style fashion &amp; style dining &amp; wine dining &amp; wine home &amp; garden travel magazine real estate video crosswords times premier the upshot more africa americas asia pacific europe middle east at war india ink sinosphere education first draft elections city room artsbeat events dealbook economy energy markets media small business your money dealbook economy energy markets media small business your money op-ed columnists editorials contributing writers op-ed contributors opinionator letters sunday review taking note room for debate public editor cartoons op-ed columnists editorials contributing writers op-ed contributors opinionator letters sunday review taking note room for debate public editor cartoons bits personal tech environment space &amp; cosmos well health guide fitness &amp; nutrition money &amp; policy the new old age views baseball basketball: college basketball: n.b.a. football: college football: n.f.l. golf hockey soccer tennis baseball basketball: college basketball: n.b.a. football: college football: n.f.l. golf hockey soccer tennis art &amp; design artsbeat books dance movies music n.y.c. events guide television theater video games art &amp; design artsbeat books dance movies music n.y.c. events guide television theater video games t magazine motherlode on the runway weddings t magazine motherlode on the runway weddings cooking restaurants cooking restaurants commercial real estate great homes &amp; destinations my real estate u.s. &amp; politics international new york opinion times documentaries business technology culture style health dining &amp; wine travel sports real estate science the upshot crosswords today's paper obituaries automobiles corrections multimedia photography classifieds tools &amp; services jobs times topics blogs nyt store times journeys subscribe manage account charles m. blow david brooks frank bruni roger cohen gail collins ross douthat maureen dowd thomas l. friedman nicholas kristof paul krugman joe nocera charles m. blow david brooks frank bruni roger cohen gail collins ross douthat maureen dowd thomas l. friedman nicholas kristof paul krugman joe nocera science why some monarch butterflies are marathoners oct. 1, 2014 inside photo a monarch butterfly in enid, okla., in september. credit billy hefton/enid news &amp; eagle, via associated press continue reading the main story continue reading the main story observatory by sindya n. bhanoo continue reading the main story share this page continue reading the main story continue reading the main story monarch butterflies can be found throughout the world, but only in north america do they make a spectacular mass migration, annually flying from as far north as canada to winter in mexico.now, by sequencing genomes of 90 monarch butterflies from around the world, researchers have discovered a gene that plays a critical role in determining whether monarchs are migratory, along with new details about their origins, migratory behavior and coloring.until now, for example, it was thought that north american monarchs were predated by those in south and central america. the new research suggests that the north americans are oldest, said marcus kronforst, an evolutionary biologist at the university of chicago and an author of the study, which appears in nature.?and then at some point,? he said, ?they dispersed into south and central america and across the atlantic and pacific oceans.? continue reading the main story related coverage city room: a virtual butterfly huntsept. 26, 2014 more observatory columns the scientists discovered that migratory butterflies had reduced levels of a collagen gene that is involved in forming flight muscles. by using a flight monitor, they also found that the migrators consumed less oxygen and had a lower metabolic rate, allowing them to fly long distances.?i like to think of it as a marathon runner versus a sprinter,? dr. kronforst said. ?the migratory ones are really marathon runners.?while most monarchs are orange and black, a small percentage of those in hawaii are white and black.?there?s one spot in one gene where all the white ones are different from all the orange ones,? dr. kronforst said. more on nytimes.com site index news world u.s. politics new york business technology science health sports education obituaries today's paper corrections opinion today's opinion op-ed columnists editorials contributing writers op-ed contributors opinionator letters sunday review taking note room for debate public editor video: opinion arts today's arts art &amp; design artsbeat books dance movies music n.y.c. events guide television theater video games video: arts living automobiles crosswords dining &amp; wine education fashion &amp; style health home &amp; garden jobs magazine n.y.c. events guide real estate t magazine travel weddings &amp; celebrations listings &amp; more classifieds tools &amp; services times topics public editor n.y.c. events guide tv listings blogs cartoons multimedia photography video nyt store times journeys subscribe manage my account subscribe subscribe times premier home delivery digital subscriptions nyt now nyt opinion email newsletters alerts crosswords gift subscriptions corporate subscriptions education rate mobile applications replica edition international new york times ? 2014 the new york times company home search contact us work with us advertise your ad choices privacy terms of service terms of sale site map help site feedback subscriptions", "bull": 0}, {"raw_text": "nytimes.com no longer supports internet explorer 8 or earlier. please upgrade your browser. learn more ? skip to content skip to navigation view mobile version n.y. / region|long neglected, lakes and ponds in city parks will get some attention search sponsored by search nytimes.com http://nyti.ms/1n1hgu4 loading... see next articles see previous articles home page home page world u.s. politics new york business business opinion opinion technology science health sports sports arts arts fashion &amp; style fashion &amp; style dining &amp; wine dining &amp; wine home &amp; garden travel magazine real estate video crosswords times premier the upshot more africa americas asia pacific europe middle east at war india ink sinosphere education first draft elections city room artsbeat events dealbook economy energy markets media small business your money dealbook economy energy markets media small business your money op-ed columnists editorials contributing writers op-ed contributors opinionator letters sunday review taking note room for debate public editor cartoons op-ed columnists editorials contributing writers op-ed contributors opinionator letters sunday review taking note room for debate public editor cartoons bits personal tech environment space &amp; cosmos well health guide fitness &amp; nutrition money &amp; policy the new old age views baseball basketball: college basketball: n.b.a. football: college football: n.f.l. golf hockey soccer tennis baseball basketball: college basketball: n.b.a. football: college football: n.f.l. golf hockey soccer tennis art &amp; design artsbeat books dance movies music n.y.c. events guide television theater video games art &amp; design artsbeat books dance movies music n.y.c. events guide television theater video games t magazine motherlode on the runway weddings t magazine motherlode on the runway weddings cooking restaurants cooking restaurants commercial real estate great homes &amp; destinations my real estate u.s. &amp; politics international new york opinion times documentaries business technology culture style health dining &amp; wine travel sports real estate science the upshot crosswords today's paper obituaries automobiles corrections multimedia photography classifieds tools &amp; services jobs times topics blogs nyt store times journeys subscribe manage account charles m. blow david brooks frank bruni roger cohen gail collins ross douthat maureen dowd thomas l. friedman nicholas kristof paul krugman joe nocera charles m. blow david brooks frank bruni roger cohen gail collins ross douthat maureen dowd thomas l. friedman nicholas kristof paul krugman joe nocera n.y. / region |??nyt now long neglected, lakes and ponds in city parks will get some attention by lisa w. foderarooct. 3, 2014 inside photo flushing creek in flushing meadows-corona park is lined with phragmites, an invasive reed. credit ?ngel franco/the new york times continue reading the main story continue reading the main story continue reading the main story share this page continue reading the main story continue reading the main story it is the largest lake in new york city, a historic salt marsh that was flooded when flushing meadows-corona park was fashioned from a former ash dump to host the 1939 world?s fair.but while years of effort and millions of dollars have gone toward cleaning up the city?s major waterways, like the hudson and bronx rivers, city officials and parks advocates have paid less attention to meadow lake and the four dozen other lakes and ponds scattered across the parkland.and it shows: at meadow lake, excessive algae can turn the water a sickly yellowish-green and the shore is lined with phragmites, an invasive reed. its waters are compromised by runoff from the nearby grand central parkway and van wyck expressway, spent coals from barbecues in the park and even goose droppings.now, in a possible model for other city lakes and ponds, the parks department is trying to restore the 70-acre lake to health, or at least mitigate some of the excess nutrients like phosphorous and nitrogen that cause algae blooms and other problems. continue reading the main story flushing queens flushing meadows- corona park 495 corona mt. hebron cemetery meadow lake van wyck expwy. grand central pkwy. kew gardens hills rego park queens blvd. willow lake 678 forest hills 1/2 mile along the eastern bank, a recently completed project expanded the shoreline with native plants that naturally filter runoff, and a bioswale ? a long channeled trench ? was dug and landscaped to capture runoff before it reaches the lake.a similar project is under construction on the opposite shore, where on a recent afternoon, mallard ducks swam in a new wetland area, planted with sedges and rushes, whose main purpose is to intercept stormwater runoff from a large parking lot and the grand central parkway beyond.?we can?t take it back to what henry hudson saw in 1609, but maybe we can take back pieces,? said bram gunther, chief of forestry, horticulture and natural resources for the parks department. ?we have to work with what?s here today.?more troublesome for the oblong lake is the fact that several large pipes run underground from the van wyck and grand central and deposit runoff directly into the water. a more ambitious project now on the drawing board will unearth one such pipe and divert its flow to a new bioswale.?the runoff coming from the roadways is chock-full of nitrogen and other pollutants,? mr. gunther said. photo the parks department is trying to restore meadow lake's health. credit ?ngel franco/the new york times the brackish lake, which is connected by a creek to flushing bay, is one of 47 lakes and ponds in the city?s five boroughs.?meadow lake is typical of so many city ponds in that they?re shallow and warm up easily,? said marit larson, the parks department?s director of wetlands restoration. ?they have a relatively high nutrient load and get algae blooms that can cause an aesthetic nuisance and worse ecological problems.?one potential problem is depleted oxygen, which can harm ecosystems and occasionally cause fish kills, ms. larson said. another issue is the proliferation of blue-green algae, technically called cyanobacteria, which poses health risks to people and animals. contact with blue-green algae can result in nausea, vomiting, skin and throat irritations, breathing difficulty and diarrhea.continue reading the main story continue reading the main story the state department of environmental conservation this summer issued cyanobacteria warnings for four bodies of water in the city: kissena lake in queens, prospect park lake in brooklyn, and both the lake and harlem meer in central park in manhattan. the warning cautioned people to avoid contact with the water.the parks department recently began an assessment of all of the lakes and ponds in the city. ms. larson said she believed that about half were made by people, but the study will pin that down, as well as assess the biology, chemistry and hydrology of the lakes. photo a highway runs over flushing creek in flushing meadows-corona park. credit ?ngel franco/the new york times some of the artificial lakes ? it is unknown exactly how many ? are fed by the municipal water supply. in 1992, the federal environmental protection agency required cities to add orthophosphate to the drinking water to reduce the ill effects of lead poisoning from old pipes. as a result, those lakes, including the one in prospect park, have an especially high level of nutrients that lead to algae blooms.?phosphate, of course, is a nutrient that fuels growth in lakes,? said brett f. branco, an assistant professor of earth and environmental sciences at brooklyn college who has studied prospect park lake for several years. ?duckweed can completely cover the surface and almost looks like astroturf, whereas the algae is microscopic and has a pea soup-green color.?solving the lake?s algae problem, dr. branco said, would require one of two interventions, both of them ambitious: removing the phosphorous from the water supply through some type of filtration process or tapping into the aquifer ? the lake?s historic source ? below ground.another lake in trouble is in bowne park, in flushing, queens. while it is not listed as having blue-green algae, the lake has become smothered by other kinds of algae in recent summers, and residents have complained.this past summer, city councilman paul vallone, whose district includes the 12-acre park, allocated $1.45 million toward improving the water quality in the lake, where two fountains provide some aeration. the queens borough president, melissa katz, dedicated another $1 million toward the project.while the work in meadow lake is not yet finished, the parks department has teamed with local academics to monitor the water quality. perhaps in anticipation, this past summer a new boat-rental concession opened at ederle terrace on the lake?s northern end, with kayaks and pedalboats.frederick j. kress, president of the queens coalition for parks and green spaces, took a pedalboat for a spin in august. ?it was terrific,? he said. ?it was hard to tell how the water was. but it was so nice to go out on a lake. ? a version of this article appears in print on october 4, 2014, on page a16 of the new york edition with the headline: long neglected, lakes and ponds in city parks will get some attention. order reprints|today's paper|subscribe more on nytimes.com site index news world u.s. politics new york business technology science health sports education obituaries today's paper corrections opinion today's opinion op-ed columnists editorials contributing writers op-ed contributors opinionator letters sunday review taking note room for debate public editor video: opinion arts today's arts art &amp; design artsbeat books dance movies music n.y.c. events guide television theater video games video: arts living automobiles crosswords dining &amp; wine education fashion &amp; style health home &amp; garden jobs magazine n.y.c. events guide real estate t magazine travel weddings &amp; celebrations listings &amp; more classifieds tools &amp; services times topics public editor n.y.c. events guide tv listings blogs cartoons multimedia photography video nyt store times journeys subscribe manage my account subscribe subscribe times premier home delivery digital subscriptions nyt now nyt opinion email newsletters alerts crosswords gift subscriptions corporate subscriptions education rate mobile applications replica edition international new york times ? 2014 the new york times company home search contact us work with us advertise your ad choices privacy terms of service terms of sale site map help site feedback subscriptions", "bull": 0}, {"raw_text": "nytimes.com no longer supports internet explorer 8 or earlier. please upgrade your browser. learn more ? skip to content skip to navigation view mobile version n.y. / region|long neglected, lakes and ponds in city parks will get some attention search sponsored by search nytimes.com http://nyti.ms/1n1hgu4 loading... see next articles see previous articles home page home page world u.s. politics new york business business opinion opinion technology science health sports sports arts arts fashion &amp; style fashion &amp; style dining &amp; wine dining &amp; wine home &amp; garden travel magazine real estate video crosswords times premier the upshot more africa americas asia pacific europe middle east at war india ink sinosphere education first draft elections city room artsbeat events dealbook economy energy markets media small business your money dealbook economy energy markets media small business your money op-ed columnists editorials contributing writers op-ed contributors opinionator letters sunday review taking note room for debate public editor cartoons op-ed columnists editorials contributing writers op-ed contributors opinionator letters sunday review taking note room for debate public editor cartoons bits personal tech environment space &amp; cosmos well health guide fitness &amp; nutrition money &amp; policy the new old age views baseball basketball: college basketball: n.b.a. football: college football: n.f.l. golf hockey soccer tennis baseball basketball: college basketball: n.b.a. football: college football: n.f.l. golf hockey soccer tennis art &amp; design artsbeat books dance movies music n.y.c. events guide television theater video games art &amp; design artsbeat books dance movies music n.y.c. events guide television theater video games t magazine motherlode on the runway weddings t magazine motherlode on the runway weddings cooking restaurants cooking restaurants commercial real estate great homes &amp; destinations my real estate u.s. &amp; politics international new york opinion times documentaries business technology culture style health dining &amp; wine travel sports real estate science the upshot crosswords today's paper obituaries automobiles corrections multimedia photography classifieds tools &amp; services jobs times topics blogs nyt store times journeys subscribe manage account charles m. blow david brooks frank bruni roger cohen gail collins ross douthat maureen dowd thomas l. friedman nicholas kristof paul krugman joe nocera charles m. blow david brooks frank bruni roger cohen gail collins ross douthat maureen dowd thomas l. friedman nicholas kristof paul krugman joe nocera n.y. / region |??nyt now long neglected, lakes and ponds in city parks will get some attention by lisa w. foderarooct. 3, 2014 inside photo flushing creek in flushing meadows-corona park is lined with phragmites, an invasive reed. credit ?ngel franco/the new york times continue reading the main story continue reading the main story continue reading the main story share this page continue reading the main story continue reading the main story it is the largest lake in new york city, a historic salt marsh that was flooded when flushing meadows-corona park was fashioned from a former ash dump to host the 1939 world?s fair.but while years of effort and millions of dollars have gone toward cleaning up the city?s major waterways, like the hudson and bronx rivers, city officials and parks advocates have paid less attention to meadow lake and the four dozen other lakes and ponds scattered across the parkland.and it shows: at meadow lake, excessive algae can turn the water a sickly yellowish-green and the shore is lined with phragmites, an invasive reed. its waters are compromised by runoff from the nearby grand central parkway and van wyck expressway, spent coals from barbecues in the park and even goose droppings.now, in a possible model for other city lakes and ponds, the parks department is trying to restore the 70-acre lake to health, or at least mitigate some of the excess nutrients like phosphorous and nitrogen that cause algae blooms and other problems. continue reading the main story flushing queens flushing meadows- corona park 495 corona mt. hebron cemetery meadow lake van wyck expwy. grand central pkwy. kew gardens hills rego park queens blvd. willow lake 678 forest hills 1/2 mile along the eastern bank, a recently completed project expanded the shoreline with native plants that naturally filter runoff, and a bioswale ? a long channeled trench ? was dug and landscaped to capture runoff before it reaches the lake.a similar project is under construction on the opposite shore, where on a recent afternoon, mallard ducks swam in a new wetland area, planted with sedges and rushes, whose main purpose is to intercept stormwater runoff from a large parking lot and the grand central parkway beyond.?we can?t take it back to what henry hudson saw in 1609, but maybe we can take back pieces,? said bram gunther, chief of forestry, horticulture and natural resources for the parks department. ?we have to work with what?s here today.?more troublesome for the oblong lake is the fact that several large pipes run underground from the van wyck and grand central and deposit runoff directly into the water. a more ambitious project now on the drawing board will unearth one such pipe and divert its flow to a new bioswale.?the runoff coming from the roadways is chock-full of nitrogen and other pollutants,? mr. gunther said. photo the parks department is trying to restore meadow lake's health. credit ?ngel franco/the new york times the brackish lake, which is connected by a creek to flushing bay, is one of 47 lakes and ponds in the city?s five boroughs.?meadow lake is typical of so many city ponds in that they?re shallow and warm up easily,? said marit larson, the parks department?s director of wetlands restoration. ?they have a relatively high nutrient load and get algae blooms that can cause an aesthetic nuisance and worse ecological problems.?one potential problem is depleted oxygen, which can harm ecosystems and occasionally cause fish kills, ms. larson said. another issue is the proliferation of blue-green algae, technically called cyanobacteria, which poses health risks to people and animals. contact with blue-green algae can result in nausea, vomiting, skin and throat irritations, breathing difficulty and diarrhea.continue reading the main story continue reading the main story the state department of environmental conservation this summer issued cyanobacteria warnings for four bodies of water in the city: kissena lake in queens, prospect park lake in brooklyn, and both the lake and harlem meer in central park in manhattan. the warning cautioned people to avoid contact with the water.the parks department recently began an assessment of all of the lakes and ponds in the city. ms. larson said she believed that about half were made by people, but the study will pin that down, as well as assess the biology, chemistry and hydrology of the lakes. photo a highway runs over flushing creek in flushing meadows-corona park. credit ?ngel franco/the new york times some of the artificial lakes ? it is unknown exactly how many ? are fed by the municipal water supply. in 1992, the federal environmental protection agency required cities to add orthophosphate to the drinking water to reduce the ill effects of lead poisoning from old pipes. as a result, those lakes, including the one in prospect park, have an especially high level of nutrients that lead to algae blooms.?phosphate, of course, is a nutrient that fuels growth in lakes,? said brett f. branco, an assistant professor of earth and environmental sciences at brooklyn college who has studied prospect park lake for several years. ?duckweed can completely cover the surface and almost looks like astroturf, whereas the algae is microscopic and has a pea soup-green color.?solving the lake?s algae problem, dr. branco said, would require one of two interventions, both of them ambitious: removing the phosphorous from the water supply through some type of filtration process or tapping into the aquifer ? the lake?s historic source ? below ground.another lake in trouble is in bowne park, in flushing, queens. while it is not listed as having blue-green algae, the lake has become smothered by other kinds of algae in recent summers, and residents have complained.this past summer, city councilman paul vallone, whose district includes the 12-acre park, allocated $1.45 million toward improving the water quality in the lake, where two fountains provide some aeration. the queens borough president, melissa katz, dedicated another $1 million toward the project.while the work in meadow lake is not yet finished, the parks department has teamed with local academics to monitor the water quality. perhaps in anticipation, this past summer a new boat-rental concession opened at ederle terrace on the lake?s northern end, with kayaks and pedalboats.frederick j. kress, president of the queens coalition for parks and green spaces, took a pedalboat for a spin in august. ?it was terrific,? he said. ?it was hard to tell how the water was. but it was so nice to go out on a lake. ? a version of this article appears in print on october 4, 2014, on page a16 of the new york edition with the headline: long neglected, lakes and ponds in city parks will get some attention. order reprints|today's paper|subscribe more on nytimes.com site index news world u.s. politics new york business technology science health sports education obituaries today's paper corrections opinion today's opinion op-ed columnists editorials contributing writers op-ed contributors opinionator letters sunday review taking note room for debate public editor video: opinion arts today's arts art &amp; design artsbeat books dance movies music n.y.c. events guide television theater video games video: arts living automobiles crosswords dining &amp; wine education fashion &amp; style health home &amp; garden jobs magazine n.y.c. events guide real estate t magazine travel weddings &amp; celebrations listings &amp; more classifieds tools &amp; services times topics public editor n.y.c. events guide tv listings blogs cartoons multimedia photography video nyt store times journeys subscribe manage my account subscribe subscribe times premier home delivery digital subscriptions nyt now nyt opinion email newsletters alerts crosswords gift subscriptions corporate subscriptions education rate mobile applications replica edition international new york times ? 2014 the new york times company home search contact us work with us advertise your ad choices privacy terms of service terms of sale site map help site feedback subscriptions", "bull": 0}, {"raw_text": "nytimes.com no longer supports internet explorer 8 or earlier. please upgrade your browser. learn more ? skip to content skip to navigation view mobile version science|antibiotics in livestock: f.d.a. finds use is rising search sponsored by search nytimes.com http://nyti.ms/1mxfi7f loading... see next articles see previous articles home page home page world u.s. politics new york business business opinion opinion technology science health sports sports arts arts fashion &amp; style fashion &amp; style dining &amp; wine dining &amp; wine home &amp; garden travel magazine real estate video crosswords times premier the upshot more africa americas asia pacific europe middle east at war india ink sinosphere education first draft elections city room artsbeat events dealbook economy energy markets media small business your money dealbook economy energy markets media small business your money op-ed columnists editorials contributing writers op-ed contributors opinionator letters sunday review taking note room for debate public editor cartoons op-ed columnists editorials contributing writers op-ed contributors opinionator letters sunday review taking note room for debate public editor cartoons bits personal tech environment space &amp; cosmos well health guide fitness &amp; nutrition money &amp; policy the new old age views baseball basketball: college basketball: n.b.a. football: college football: n.f.l. golf hockey soccer tennis baseball basketball: college basketball: n.b.a. football: college football: n.f.l. golf hockey soccer tennis art &amp; design artsbeat books dance movies music n.y.c. events guide television theater video games art &amp; design artsbeat books dance movies music n.y.c. events guide television theater video games t magazine motherlode on the runway weddings t magazine motherlode on the runway weddings cooking restaurants cooking restaurants commercial real estate great homes &amp; destinations my real estate u.s. &amp; politics international new york opinion times documentaries business technology culture style health dining &amp; wine travel sports real estate science the upshot crosswords today's paper obituaries automobiles corrections multimedia photography classifieds tools &amp; services jobs times topics blogs nyt store times journeys subscribe manage account charles m. blow david brooks frank bruni roger cohen gail collins ross douthat maureen dowd thomas l. friedman nicholas kristof paul krugman joe nocera charles m. blow david brooks frank bruni roger cohen gail collins ross douthat maureen dowd thomas l. friedman nicholas kristof paul krugman joe nocera science antibiotics in livestock: f.d.a. finds use is rising by sabrina taverniseoct. 2, 2014 inside continue reading the main story continue reading the main story continue reading the main story share this page continue reading the main story continue reading the main story the amount of antibiotics sold for use in livestock rose substantially in recent years, according to the food and drug administration, a pattern that experts said was troubling given the efforts to battle antibiotic resistance in humans.in an annual report posted online on thursday, the agency said the amount of medically important antibiotics sold to farmers and ranchers for use in animals raised for meat grew by 16 percent from 2009 to 2012.most troubling, health advocates say, was a rise in the sale of cephalosporins, a class of drug that is important in human health, despite new restrictions the f.d.a. put into place in early 2012. the report showed an 8 percent increase in the sale of those drugs in 2012, confirming advocates? fears that the agency?s efforts may not be having the desired effect. sales of those drugs rose by 37 percent from 2009 to 2012.?we?re concerned that antibiotic sales for food animal production keep increasing,? said laura rogers, director of the campaign on human health and industrial farming at the pew charitable trusts, a research and advocacy group.the national chicken council, an industry group, said in a statement that the sale of antibiotics did not necessarily correlate with antibiotic resistance trends. it said that most antibiotics used in chicken production were not used in human medicine.the report did not differentiate by species; it included all animals raised for meat.antibiotics were the wonder drugs of the 20th century, and their initial use in humans and animals was indiscriminate, experts say. farmers learned that antibiotics helped animals grow rapidly, and they began to add the drugs to feed and water, with no prescriptions or sign of sickness in the animals. but it is now known that broad use leads to antibiotic resistance, which means that critical antibiotics are no longer as effective in treating infections in people.the united states also uses far more antibiotics in livestock than many other nations, according to pew. animals raised for food in america are given about six times as much antibiotics as are animals in norway and denmark, for example.the most sweeping federal policy aimed at curbing antibiotics use in animals was introduced last year, when the f.d.a. asked companies that make the drugs to change the labels. those changes meant that food animal producers would no longer be able to use antibiotics to make the animals grow faster. and if food animal producers wanted to give the drugs to a sick animal, they would need to get a prescription from a veterinarian.but consumer health advocates said at the time that it was unclear that the changes would have much effect. the rules left open a large loophole: producers could simply argue that they were using the drugs to keep their animals from getting sick, not to make them grow faster.it is difficult to tell whether the patterns documented in thursday?s report, which ended in 2012, are a sign of what might happen under the 2013 rules, said keeve nachman, director of the food production and public health program at the johns hopkins center for a livable future.?this shows that the situation was worsening leading up to the 2013 guidance,? he said.the report also gave details ? some for the first time ? of how the antibiotics were used. about 70 percent were sold as animal feed additives and roughly 22 percent as drinking water additives. in all, about 97 percent of the drugs were sold over the counter without a prescription, a practice that the 2013 rules are supposed to stop. a version of this article appears in print on october 3, 2014, on page a12 of the new york edition with the headline: antibiotics in livestock: f.d.a. finds use is rising. order reprints|today's paper|subscribe more on nytimes.com site index news world u.s. politics new york business technology science health sports education obituaries today's paper corrections opinion today's opinion op-ed columnists editorials contributing writers op-ed contributors opinionator letters sunday review taking note room for debate public editor video: opinion arts today's arts art &amp; design artsbeat books dance movies music n.y.c. events guide television theater video games video: arts living automobiles crosswords dining &amp; wine education fashion &amp; style health home &amp; garden jobs magazine n.y.c. events guide real estate t magazine travel weddings &amp; celebrations listings &amp; more classifieds tools &amp; services times topics public editor n.y.c. events guide tv listings blogs cartoons multimedia photography video nyt store times journeys subscribe manage my account subscribe subscribe times premier home delivery digital subscriptions nyt now nyt opinion email newsletters alerts crosswords gift subscriptions corporate subscriptions education rate mobile applications replica edition international new york times ? 2014 the new york times company home search contact us work with us advertise your ad choices privacy terms of service terms of sale site map help site feedback subscriptions", "bull": 0}, {"raw_text": "nytimes.com no longer supports internet explorer 8 or earlier. please upgrade your browser. learn more ? skip to content skip to navigation view mobile version science|martin perl, 87, is dead; nobel-winning physicist search sponsored by search nytimes.com http://nyti.ms/zcatku loading... see next articles see previous articles home page home page world u.s. politics new york business business opinion opinion technology science health sports sports arts arts fashion &amp; style fashion &amp; style dining &amp; wine dining &amp; wine home &amp; garden travel magazine real estate video crosswords times premier the upshot more africa americas asia pacific europe middle east at war india ink sinosphere education first draft elections city room artsbeat events dealbook economy energy markets media small business your money dealbook economy energy markets media small business your money op-ed columnists editorials contributing writers op-ed contributors opinionator letters sunday review taking note room for debate public editor cartoons op-ed columnists editorials contributing writers op-ed contributors opinionator letters sunday review taking note room for debate public editor cartoons bits personal tech environment space &amp; cosmos well health guide fitness &amp; nutrition money &amp; policy the new old age views baseball basketball: college basketball: n.b.a. football: college football: n.f.l. golf hockey soccer tennis baseball basketball: college basketball: n.b.a. football: college football: n.f.l. golf hockey soccer tennis art &amp; design artsbeat books dance movies music n.y.c. events guide television theater video games art &amp; design artsbeat books dance movies music n.y.c. events guide television theater video games t magazine motherlode on the runway weddings t magazine motherlode on the runway weddings cooking restaurants cooking restaurants commercial real estate great homes &amp; destinations my real estate u.s. &amp; politics international new york opinion times documentaries business technology culture style health dining &amp; wine travel sports real estate science the upshot crosswords today's paper obituaries automobiles corrections multimedia photography classifieds tools &amp; services jobs times topics blogs nyt store times journeys subscribe manage account charles m. blow david brooks frank bruni roger cohen gail collins ross douthat maureen dowd thomas l. friedman nicholas kristof paul krugman joe nocera charles m. blow david brooks frank bruni roger cohen gail collins ross douthat maureen dowd thomas l. friedman nicholas kristof paul krugman joe nocera science |??nyt now martin perl, 87, is dead; nobel-winning physicist by dennis overbyeoct. 3, 2014 inside photo martin perl, in his lab at stanford in 1995, after learning that he had won the nobel. credit john g. mabanglo/agence france-presse ? getty images continue reading the main story continue reading the main story continue reading the main story share this page continue reading the main story continue reading the main story martin perl, who was awarded the 1995 nobel prize in physics for discovering a new subatomic particle, one of the building blocks of the universe, died on tuesday in palo alto, calif. he was 87.the cause was a heart attack, said his son jed perl, an author and art critic for the new republic.dr. perl was a professor emeritus at the slac national accelerator laboratory at stanford, the particle physics laboratory where he did his epochal work.the discovery of the subatomic particle, the tau lepton, as it is formally known, was a crucial step in figuring out the jigsaw puzzle of elementary particles that form the bedrock of material reality.the evidence emerged slowly, over three years of particle collisions at slac in the 1970s.?every month or so we would get another handful ? 10 to 20 ? of these funny (particle collision) events,? dr. perl recalled in 2013, according to a statement released by slac.his colleagues urged caution, his son said, but eventually ?he very consciously went out on a limb.??he decided it was better that he stand by what he thought he was seeing, even at the risk of being wrong, than to be afraid to take the leap,? his son said.martin lewis perl was born on june 24, 1927, in brooklyn, the son of jewish immigrants from what was then the polish part of russia. the family struggled to stay in the middle class, his father running a printing business and his mother working as a secretary and bookkeeper for a wool merchant firm.as a young man, martin enjoyed building things, and one of the disappointments of his early years, he said, was that his parents never bought him an erector set or a chemistry set. luckily, his cousin had an erector set.martin graduated from james madison high school in brooklyn in 1942 at 16. although he was a good student and even won a physics prize, he never thought about being a scientist, for practical reasons. ?we did not know that it was possible for a man to earn a living as a scientist,? he wrote in an autobiographical sketch for the nobel committee.continue reading the main story instead, he enrolled in the polytechnic institute of brooklyn with the aim of becoming a chemical engineer. with the onset of world war ii, he left to attend the united states merchant marine academy and was then drafted into the army. he spent a year doing desk work in washington.after the war, he resumed his studies and graduated in 1948. hired by general electric, he became interested in a new technology, television, particularly in how television tubes worked.?at the age of 23,? he wrote, ?i finally decided to begin the study of physics.?he earned a ph.d. at columbia, studying the nuclei of sodium atoms under the nobel laureate isidor isaac rabi. after a stint at the university of michigan, he was offered at job at the new stanford linear accelerator center (now known as slac).dr. perl saw the new lab as a place where he could dig into a longstanding puzzle. in the 1930s, physicists had discovered a new particle they called the mu meson (it is now called the muon), which was identical to an electron but 200 times more massive. where this particle fit in the scheme of things was a mystery. ?who ordered that?? dr. rabi is said to have asked.continue reading the main story burton richter, a former director of slac, said in an interview that when he first met him, ?martin was already fascinated by the quest for the brotherhood of the mu mesons: why there was only one mu meson? why weren?t there more? could there be more??dr. perl thought that finding an even heavier electron might answer some of these questions and help explain the muon?s role in the scheme of things. he and his group figured out that such particles might be detected in a new collider being planned called spear, for stanford positron electron accelerating ring. the particles would decay radioactively immediately but would leave behind a distinctive trail of subatomic debris.in the official proposal for the spear collider, the heavy lepton search was left for last, and allotted just three pages. as dr. perl wrote, ?to most others it seemed a remote dream.?the spear machine started up in 1973, colliding electrons and their antimatter opposites, positrons, to produce tiny fireballs. by virtue of einstein?s equivalence of matter and energy, these little clouds of energy could condense into anything, including the muons and their heavier brothers, if any existed. dr. richter recalled that by 1975 it was clear that there was something there.at a conference and in a paper in 1975, dr. perl and his colleagues announced that they had discovered a new particle, but that they were not sure yet what it was.?we have no conventional explanation for these events,? they wrote in their paper. at first they called the particle ?u,? for unknown. it took two more years of collecting data to convince the rest of the physics world that this was the long-lost brother of the electron, joining the muon to make a triad.the tau, as it came to be called, after greek for ?the third,? is 3,500 times as massive as the electron. but it lives only a third of a trillionth of a second before decaying into a spray of its lighter brethren and the ghostly particles known as neutrinos.to this day the tau is the heaviest of the electron brothers. in the standard model that now rules physics, all matter in the universe is divided into two sets of six particles each: six so-called leptons, which include the three electron brothers and three types of neutrinos that are associated with them, and six quarks, which make up the innards of particles like protons and neutrons. nobody knows why there are six of each.it was fitting that in 1995 when dr. perl won the nobel prize, he shared it with frederick reines, who had discovered the neutrino. the royal swedish academy of sciences cited them for discovering ?two of nature?s most remarkable subatomic particles.?dr. perl went on to investigate the nature of quarks. he continued to visit the slac lab long after retirement, most recently to collaborate on an investigation of dark energy.a lifelong liberal and opponent of the vietnam war, he helped found a group called scientists and engineers for social and political action, which opposed the war.continue reading the main story continue reading the main story besides his son jed, he is survived by two other sons, joseph and matthew; a daughter, anne bernard; eight grandchildren and one great-grandchild.dr. perl took particular delight in the gritty mechanical and physical details of doing experiments, an interest he traced to his boyhood joy in playing with construction toys like lincoln logs. to make up for his lack of an erector set while growing up, he later amassed a large collection of them and other construction toys.?he really saw those toys as the germ out of which experimental creativity could come,? jed perl said.in recent years, mr. perl said, his father traveled in india and japan lecturing about creativity and his concern that science education was becoming too rigid. he urged students to keep a journal and write down crazy ideas. but he also urged them and his colleagues not to get too far ahead of the fundamental truth of experiment in science.in a blog post last year he wrote: ?the time scale for physics progress is a century not a decade. there are no decade-scale solutions to worries about the rate of progress of fundamental physics knowledge. my advice is (a) study calculus and machine shop in high school and (b) have a long life as advised in the old song by buttoning up your overcoat and eating an apple every day.?on the other hand,? he continued, ?occasional scanning of the obituaries in the new york times indicates that financiers live longer than physicists, so perhaps start a hedge fund in high school.? a version of this article appears in print on october 4, 2014, on page b8 of the new york edition with the headline: martin perl, 87, is dead; nobel-winning physicist. order reprints|today's paper|subscribe more on nytimes.com site index news world u.s. politics new york business technology science health sports education obituaries today's paper corrections opinion today's opinion op-ed columnists editorials contributing writers op-ed contributors opinionator letters sunday review taking note room for debate public editor video: opinion arts today's arts art &amp; design artsbeat books dance movies music n.y.c. events guide television theater video games video: arts living automobiles crosswords dining &amp; wine education fashion &amp; style health home &amp; garden jobs magazine n.y.c. events guide real estate t magazine travel weddings &amp; celebrations listings &amp; more classifieds tools &amp; services times topics public editor n.y.c. events guide tv listings blogs cartoons multimedia photography video nyt store times journeys subscribe manage my account subscribe subscribe times premier home delivery digital subscriptions nyt now nyt opinion email newsletters alerts crosswords gift subscriptions corporate subscriptions education rate mobile applications replica edition international new york times ? 2014 the new york times company home search contact us work with us advertise your ad choices privacy terms of service terms of sale site map help site feedback subscriptions", "bull": 0}, {"raw_text": "nytimes.com no longer supports internet explorer 8 or earlier. please upgrade your browser. learn more ? skip to content skip to navigation view mobile version science|the evolution of sleep: 700 million years of melatonin search sponsored by search nytimes.com http://nyti.ms/zusop9 loading... see next articles see previous articles home page home page world u.s. politics new york business business opinion opinion technology science health sports sports arts arts fashion &amp; style fashion &amp; style dining &amp; wine dining &amp; wine home &amp; garden travel magazine real estate video crosswords times premier the upshot more africa americas asia pacific europe middle east at war india ink sinosphere education first draft elections city room artsbeat events dealbook economy energy markets media small business your money dealbook economy energy markets media small business your money op-ed columnists editorials contributing writers op-ed contributors opinionator letters sunday review taking note room for debate public editor cartoons op-ed columnists editorials contributing writers op-ed contributors opinionator letters sunday review taking note room for debate public editor cartoons bits personal tech environment space &amp; cosmos well health guide fitness &amp; nutrition money &amp; policy the new old age views baseball basketball: college basketball: n.b.a. football: college football: n.f.l. golf hockey soccer tennis baseball basketball: college basketball: n.b.a. football: college football: n.f.l. golf hockey soccer tennis art &amp; design artsbeat books dance movies music n.y.c. events guide television theater video games art &amp; design artsbeat books dance movies music n.y.c. events guide television theater video games t magazine motherlode on the runway weddings t magazine motherlode on the runway weddings cooking restaurants cooking restaurants commercial real estate great homes &amp; destinations my real estate u.s. &amp; politics international new york opinion times documentaries business technology culture style health dining &amp; wine travel sports real estate science the upshot crosswords today's paper obituaries automobiles corrections multimedia photography classifieds tools &amp; services jobs times topics blogs nyt store times journeys subscribe manage account charles m. blow david brooks frank bruni roger cohen gail collins ross douthat maureen dowd thomas l. friedman nicholas kristof paul krugman joe nocera charles m. blow david brooks frank bruni roger cohen gail collins ross douthat maureen dowd thomas l. friedman nicholas kristof paul krugman joe nocera science |??nyt now the evolution of sleep: 700 million years of melatonin oct. 2, 2014 inside continue reading the main story continue reading the main story carl zimmer matter continue reading the main story share this page continue reading the main story continue reading the main story as much as we may try to deny it, earth?s cycle of day and night rules our lives.when the sun sets, the encroaching darkness sets off a chain of molecular events spreading from our eyes to our pineal gland, which oozes a hormone called melatonin into the brain. when the melatonin latches onto neurons, it alters their electrical rhythm, nudging the brain into the realm of sleep.at dawn, sunlight snuffs out the melatonin, forcing the brain back to its wakeful pattern again.we fight these cycles each time we stay up late reading our smartphones, suppressing our nightly dose of melatonin and waking up grumpy the next day. we fly across continents as if we could instantly reset our inner clocks. but our melatonin-driven sleep cycle lags behind, leaving us drowsy in the middle of the day. continue reading the main story related coverage more matter columns scientists have long wondered how this powerful cycle got its start. a new study on melatonin hints that it evolved some 700 million years ago. the authors of the study propose that our nightly slumbers evolved from the rise and fall of our tiny oceangoing ancestors, as they swam up to the surface of the sea at twilight and then sank in a sleepy fall through the night. photo a highly-magnified view of young larvae of the marine worm platynereis dumerilii. credit harald hausen to explore the evolution of sleep, scientists at the european molecular biology laboratory in germany study the activity of genes involved in making melatonin and other sleep-related molecules. over the past few years, they?ve compared the activity of these genes in vertebrates like us with their activity in a distantly related invertebrate ? a marine worm called platynereis dumerilii.the scientists studied the worms at an early stage, when they were ball-shaped 2-day-old larvae. the ocean swarms with juvenile animals like these. many of them spend their nights near the ocean surface, feeding on algae and other bits of food. then they spend the day at lower depths, where they can hide from predators and the sun?s ultraviolet rays.maria antonietta tosches and her colleagues examined how different genes became active in the worm larvae. they discovered that some cells on the top of the larvae make light-catching proteins ? the same ones we make in our eyes to switch melatonin production on and off. these same cells also switch on genes required to produce melatonin.the scientists wondered if the worms were using this network of melatonin genes the way we do. to find out, dr. tosches and her colleagues tracked the activity of the genes over 24-hour periods.they found that the worms didn?t produce melatonin all the time. instead, they made it only at night, just as we do.the scientists also found that this nightly surge of melatonin allowed the worms to move up and down in the ocean each day.the worms travel by beating tiny hairs back and forth. during the day, they rise toward the surface of the ocean. by the time they get there, the sun has gotten so faint that the worms start making melatonin.the hormone latches onto the neurons that control the beating hairs and cause them to produce a steady rhythm of electrical bursts. the bursts override the beating, causing the hairs to freeze and the worm to sink. when dawn comes, the worms lose their melatonin and start to swim upward again.continue reading the main story continue reading the main story when it comes to melatonin, humans and worms are so similar that they can both get jet lag.?if you take larvae in daytime and put them in darkness, they stay in their own daytime behavior,? dr. tosches said. the melatonin-driven cycle continues to determine how they swim. ?they have a clock that?s controlling this,? she said.that the melatonin network works so similarly in worms and humans suggests that it was what arose in their common ancestor. ?it could have been the first form of sleeping,? said detlev arendt, a co-author of the new study.david c. plachetzki, an evolutionary biologist at the university of new hampshire who was not involved in the study, called it ?an exciting paper ? it?s a very complete story.?still, he added that while the similarities between worms and humans were striking, there was more work to be done to confirm an evolutionary link. it would still be necessary to find melatonin playing a similar role in other animals.?we just have this tantalizing hypothesis,? dr. plachetzki said. ?but it?s a great hypothesis.?the new study offers an intriguing idea for how our vertebrate ancestors adapted the melatonin genes as they evolved a complex brain.originally, the scientists argue, the day-night cycle was run by all-purpose cells that could catch light and make melatonin. but then the work was spread among specialized cells. the eyes now took care of capturing light, for example, while the pineal gland made melatonin.the new study may also help explain how sleep cuts us off from the world. when we?re awake, signals from our eyes and other senses pass through the thalamus, a gateway in the brain. melatonin shuts the thalamus down by causing its neurons to produce a regular rhythm of bursts. ?they?re busy doing their own thing, so they can?t relay information to the rest of the brain,? dr. tosches said.it may be no coincidence that in worms, melatonin also produces electrical rhythms that jam the normal signals of the day. we may sink into sleep the way our ancestors sank into the depths of the ocean. more on nytimes.com site index news world u.s. politics new york business technology science health sports education obituaries today's paper corrections opinion today's opinion op-ed columnists editorials contributing writers op-ed contributors opinionator letters sunday review taking note room for debate public editor video: opinion arts today's arts art &amp; design artsbeat books dance movies music n.y.c. events guide television theater video games video: arts living automobiles crosswords dining &amp; wine education fashion &amp; style health home &amp; garden jobs magazine n.y.c. events guide real estate t magazine travel weddings &amp; celebrations listings &amp; more classifieds tools &amp; services times topics public editor n.y.c. events guide tv listings blogs cartoons multimedia photography video nyt store times journeys subscribe manage my account subscribe subscribe times premier home delivery digital subscriptions nyt now nyt opinion email newsletters alerts crosswords gift subscriptions corporate subscriptions education rate mobile applications replica edition international new york times ? 2014 the new york times company home search contact us work with us advertise your ad choices privacy terms of service terms of sale site map help site feedback subscriptions", "bull": 0}, {"raw_text": "nytimes.com no longer supports internet explorer 8 or earlier. please upgrade your browser. learn more ? skip to content skip to navigation view mobile version asia pacific|hong kong leader?s warning renews protesters? zeal as crowds swell search sponsored by search nytimes.com http://nyti.ms/1n29mk6 loading... see next articles see previous articles home page home page world u.s. politics new york business business opinion opinion technology science health sports sports arts arts fashion &amp; style fashion &amp; style dining &amp; wine dining &amp; wine home &amp; garden travel magazine real estate video crosswords times premier the upshot more africa americas asia pacific europe middle east at war india ink sinosphere education first draft elections city room artsbeat events dealbook economy energy markets media small business your money dealbook economy energy markets media small business your money op-ed columnists editorials contributing writers op-ed contributors opinionator letters sunday review taking note room for debate public editor cartoons op-ed columnists editorials contributing writers op-ed contributors opinionator letters sunday review taking note room for debate public editor cartoons bits personal tech environment space &amp; cosmos well health guide fitness &amp; nutrition money &amp; policy the new old age views baseball basketball: college basketball: n.b.a. football: college football: n.f.l. golf hockey soccer tennis baseball basketball: college basketball: n.b.a. football: college football: n.f.l. golf hockey soccer tennis art &amp; design artsbeat books dance movies music n.y.c. events guide television theater video games art &amp; design artsbeat books dance movies music n.y.c. events guide television theater video games t magazine motherlode on the runway weddings t magazine motherlode on the runway weddings cooking restaurants cooking restaurants commercial real estate great homes &amp; destinations my real estate u.s. &amp; politics international new york opinion times documentaries business technology culture style health dining &amp; wine travel sports real estate science the upshot crosswords today's paper obituaries automobiles corrections multimedia photography classifieds tools &amp; services jobs times topics blogs nyt store times journeys subscribe manage account charles m. blow david brooks frank bruni roger cohen gail collins ross douthat maureen dowd thomas l. friedman nicholas kristof paul krugman joe nocera charles m. blow david brooks frank bruni roger cohen gail collins ross douthat maureen dowd thomas l. friedman nicholas kristof paul krugman joe nocera asia pacific |??nyt now hong kong leader?s warning renews protesters? zeal as crowds swell by austin ramzy and alan wongoct. 4, 2014 inside photo the police stood between a man and pro-democracy protesters in the mong kok district of hong kong on saturday. credit philippe lopez/agence france-presse ? getty images continue reading the main story continue reading the main story continue reading the main story share this page continue reading the main story continue reading the main story hong kong ? pro-democracy protesters in hong kong held one of the largest rallies of their campaign saturday evening, a gesture of defiance following attacks on their encampments and a declaration by the territory?s leader that major roads they have occupied for the last week must be cleared by monday morning.tens of thousands of protesters gathered at the main protest site at admiralty, outside the government headquarters, after the territory?s embattled leader, leung chun-ying, said that ?all necessary actions? would be taken to ensure that government workers could go back to work next week. he did not specify what those actions would be, but police used tear gas in an attempt to break up protests a week ago, leading to a wave of larger demonstrations. continue reading the main story related coverage scrutinized for handling of pro-democracy protests, police have own troublesoct. 4, 2014 violence erupts in hong kong as protesters are assaultedoct. 3, 2014 hong kong lawmaker searches for democracy within china?s embraceoct. 3, 2014 ?we know that every time they assault us, we resist harder,? alex chow yong kang, the secretary general of the hong kong federation of students, told the crowd. ?and we know we?re on the right path, otherwise the government wouldn?t have been so afraid of us.? photo scuffling broke out again saturday in the mong kok district of hong kong between pro-democracy protesters, right, and men assailing their encampment in nathan road, a major thoroughfare. credit carlos barria/reuters the mood of the rally reflected the turbulence of recent days. there were moments of elation at the protests? unexpected staying power. three singers performed a newly written anthem dedicated to the protesters and their symbol, ?raise the umbrella together.? but there was also concern about the government?s demands to bring the protests to a halt. rumors of a crackdown, some suggesting as soon as sunday morning, circulated among the protesters, many of whom had goggles and surgical masks to guard against pepper spray.in a speech saturday afternoon mr. leung said the protests are ?causing serious repercussion to people?s daily life and income.?he demanded demonstrators remove their blockade of roads in hong kong island?s western, central and wan chai districts by monday, and let 3,000 government employees go to work at the main office complex, which has been besieged by protesters.mr. leung warned that continued protests could ?evolve into a state beyond control, and will have serious consequences to public safety and social order.?continue reading the main story the government has said for days that it wants demonstrators to call off their occupation of key roads and stop surrounding government offices. at the same time, officials have indicated that they plan to wait out the protests.but the recent violence may have changed the government?s calculations as both sides accuse the other of the mayhem.fighting broke out friday after protest camps came under attack by men who the police believe had gang ties. the mong kok district was the scene of more confrontation on saturday, evidence that after a week the conflict has slipped beyond the grip of leaders on either side. the united states consulate warned citizens on saturday to avoid protest areas ?due to the potential risk of escalating violence.? continue reading the main story map areas of skirmishes and protests in hong kong tens of thousands of pro-democracy protests have been occupying several areas in hong kong since friday. open map early sunday, sporadic clashes could be seen between a few hundred protesters, mostly supportive of the pro-democracy occupy movement, and more than a hundred police officers. an officer was sent away in an ambulance after he was hit in the head by a rock thrown from the crowd.continue reading the main story continue reading the main story police officers with shields and batons were moving in from different directions, shoving protesters and reporters down the street almost indiscriminately and with no warning.on saturday morning, the hong kong police said 19 men, including eight linked to organized crime gangs, or triads, had been arrested over the violence in mong kok. the police also said at least 18 people had been injured in the violence, including six police officers. protest opponents have also sexually harassed or groped some female demonstrators, protesters say.the attacks on friday led the leading student group to withdraw from proposed talks with the government, which they blamed for not protecting them.protesters and pro-democracy politicians claimed the assaults, and what appeared to be a delayed police reaction, bore the hallmarks of acts by organized crime groups that were condoned by the authorities, or at least made worse by a lax official response.?they vandalized and attacked peaceful occupiers,? alan leong kah-kit, the leader of the civic party, one of the city?s pro-democracy parties, said of the attackers saturday. the democrats, he said, were asking to meet with local officials to ?manifest our strongest condemnation, and want them to make sure that what happened would not repeat today or in the future.?hong kong?s secretary for security, lai tung-kwok, adamantly denied that the police condoned the attacks. ?i am aware of people?s allegation that the government tolerated triad societies, or even work with them,? mr. lai said. ?these accusations are completely fabricated and unjustified. they are also very unreasonable and unfair to the dutiful, diligent police officers.? photo pro-democracy protestors gathered in the admiralty area of hong kong to listen to protest speeches. credit adam ferguson for the new york times instead of leaving mong kok overnight, protesters, mostly students, repaired and expanded their encampment saturday on nathan road, a major avenue usually crammed during the weekend with tourists and shoppers, many from mainland china.throughout the afternoon the barricades were again besieged by groups of middle-aged men, who screamed at the protesters to leave and ripped away their signs and makeshift traffic barriers. quarrels continued to erupt throughout the evening, but student stewards rushed in to prevent fights.max lee, who was among those trying to prevent fresh violence, said he understood the complaints. but like other protesters, he said a greater cause was at stake. ?we?re fighting for a long-term goal,? he said, while wearing a gas mask refashioned into a mickey mouse mask. ?that requires sacrifices.?peter mok, 65, who was among a crowd denouncing the demonstrators, said the sit-ins were causing chaos. ?they are going too far,? he said. ?it?s been seven days now. how much have the hong kong people lost??the protests demanding a fully democratic vote for the city?s leader erupted last weekend, then expanded after the police?s use of tear gas and pepper spray spurred public sympathy for the demonstrators. the protesters occupied major roads with sit-in camps that remained mostly peaceful until friday, when gangs of men assaulted two camps. some local residents, weary of the disruption from the week-old occupation, cheered on the attacks. the protesters have demanded that the city?s leader, or chief executive, be chosen through a freely democratic vote. but the chinese government has insisted that hong kong accept far more restricted electoral changes, which would allow the city?s voters to choose only among two or three candidates who have the blessing of beijing and its loyalists.the chinese communist party sees the protesters as a subversive threat to their control over the city, a former british colony that since its return to beijing?s sovereignty in 1997 has preserved freedoms and legal protections not enjoyed by mainland chinese citizens.on saturday, people?s daily, the party?s main newspaper, suggested that the occupy movement was part of an effort to subvert its power across china, and likened occupy to a ?color revolution,? the party?s phrase for anti-communist insurrections.?as for the ideas of a very small minority of people to use hong kong to create a ?color revolution? in mainland china, that is even more of a daydream,? the paper said in a front-page commentary. reporting was contributed by keith bradsher, chris buckley and edward wong from hong kong, and didi kirsten tatlow from beijing. a version of this article appears in print on october 5, 2014, on page a10 of the new york edition with the headline: hong kong leader?s warning renews protesters? zeal as crowds swell . order reprints|today's paper|subscribe more on nytimes.com site index news world u.s. politics new york business technology science health sports education obituaries today's paper corrections opinion today's opinion op-ed columnists editorials contributing writers op-ed contributors opinionator letters sunday review taking note room for debate public editor video: opinion arts today's arts art &amp; design artsbeat books dance movies music n.y.c. events guide television theater video games video: arts living automobiles crosswords dining &amp; wine education fashion &amp; style health home &amp; garden jobs magazine n.y.c. events guide real estate t magazine travel weddings &amp; celebrations listings &amp; more classifieds tools &amp; services times topics public editor n.y.c. events guide tv listings blogs cartoons multimedia photography video nyt store times journeys subscribe manage my account subscribe subscribe times premier home delivery digital subscriptions nyt now nyt opinion email newsletters alerts crosswords gift subscriptions corporate subscriptions education rate mobile applications replica edition international new york times ? 2014 the new york times company home search contact us work with us advertise your ad choices privacy terms of service terms of sale site map help site feedback subscriptions", "bull": 0}, {"raw_text": "nytimes.com no longer supports internet explorer 8 or earlier. please upgrade your browser. learn more ? skip to content skip to navigation view mobile version asia pacific|indian state in mourning after graft conviction search sponsored by search nytimes.com http://nyti.ms/zgtmii loading... see next articles see previous articles home page home page world u.s. politics new york business business opinion opinion technology science health sports sports arts arts fashion &amp; style fashion &amp; style dining &amp; wine dining &amp; wine home &amp; garden travel magazine real estate video crosswords times premier the upshot more africa americas asia pacific europe middle east at war india ink sinosphere education first draft elections city room artsbeat events dealbook economy energy markets media small business your money dealbook economy energy markets media small business your money op-ed columnists editorials contributing writers op-ed contributors opinionator letters sunday review taking note room for debate public editor cartoons op-ed columnists editorials contributing writers op-ed contributors opinionator letters sunday review taking note room for debate public editor cartoons bits personal tech environment space &amp; cosmos well health guide fitness &amp; nutrition money &amp; policy the new old age views baseball basketball: college basketball: n.b.a. football: college football: n.f.l. golf hockey soccer tennis baseball basketball: college basketball: n.b.a. football: college football: n.f.l. golf hockey soccer tennis art &amp; design artsbeat books dance movies music n.y.c. events guide television theater video games art &amp; design artsbeat books dance movies music n.y.c. events guide television theater video games t magazine motherlode on the runway weddings t magazine motherlode on the runway weddings cooking restaurants cooking restaurants commercial real estate great homes &amp; destinations my real estate u.s. &amp; politics international new york opinion times documentaries business technology culture style health dining &amp; wine travel sports real estate science the upshot crosswords today's paper obituaries automobiles corrections multimedia photography classifieds tools &amp; services jobs times topics blogs nyt store times journeys subscribe manage account charles m. blow david brooks frank bruni roger cohen gail collins ross douthat maureen dowd thomas l. friedman nicholas kristof paul krugman joe nocera charles m. blow david brooks frank bruni roger cohen gail collins ross douthat maureen dowd thomas l. friedman nicholas kristof paul krugman joe nocera asia pacific indian state in mourning after graft conviction by ellen barryoct. 4, 2014 inside photo jayalalithaa jayaram, the chief minister of tamil nadu, was sentenced to four years in prison. credit dibyangshu sarkar/agence france-presse ? getty images continue reading the main story continue reading the main story continue reading the main story share this page continue reading the main story continue reading the main story chennai, india ? rarely have tears of despair flowed so copiously at a swearing-in ceremony as they did last week, when officials in the southern indian state of tamil nadu prepared to govern without jayalalithaa jayaram, an iron-fisted leader known as amma, or mother, who has been sentenced to four years in prison on corruption charges.after taking the podium, the man who will replace ms. jayaram as the chief minister of tamil nadu pulled a photograph of her out of his shirt pocket, bowed reverently and began to weep. (?soaked hankie takes the brunt,? read a headline in the telegraph the next day.) the housing and urban development minister was sobbing so uncontrollably that her oath was barely audible. the minister of handlooms and textiles was said to have ?wailed.? continue reading the main story related coverage india official found guilty of corruptionsept. 27, 2014 if this sounds melodramatic, that is a matter of perspective. on the day the verdict was read, a 58-year-old electrician named venkateshan walked out of the shop where he had been watching the news coverage all morning, soaked himself with gasoline and set himself on fire, shouting, ?my amma has failed in the court,? according to the police inspector who investigated the death. continue reading the main story 500 miles china pakistan india bay of bengal karnataka chennai tamil nadu huge posters have appeared on the streets showing ms. jayaram?s face and the image of a broken chain, with the words, ?how can a human being punish a god??in a country that has long tolerated brazen corruption in its regional leaders, ms. jayaram?s conviction will stand as a benchmark. despite her wealth, power and friendship with prime minister narendra modi, she has become the first sitting state leader to come under a new, tough supreme court ruling that bars her from remaining in office while appealing a conviction, as officials here have done for decades. and she is barred from running for office for 10 years, bad news for a woman of 66.now in her third term as chief minister, she is at the blazing height of her popularity; her party, the all india anna dravida munnetra kazhagam, won a remarkable 37 of the state?s 39 parliamentary seats in spring elections. last week, most people in chennai expressed serene confidence that she could maintain political control, even if it meant running the state from a jail cell. her lieutenants, whether out of love or fear, were jockeying to prove their fealty. her voters were passionate in her defense, saying the verdict was driven by a political vendetta.continue reading the main story ?they are panicked,? said a. s. panneerselvan, the reader?s editor for the hindu, a daily newspaper based in chennai, the capital of tamil nadu. ?behind the bravado is actually a very, very hopeless reality that they don?t know what their next step is going to be. this is something they were not mentally prepared for. the reality is that your electoral fortunes are different from your legal fortunes.?that ms. jayaram enriched herself in office should not come as a complete surprise.in 1995, during a period when she professed to earn a salary of 1 rupee per month, she staged an opulent waterfront wedding for her foster son that included 40,000 guests and a formal sit-down dinner for 12,800, according to court documents. an imperious leader, she terrified her underlings, who, during her early days in office, would regularly stretch facedown on the ground and touch her feet. multistory images of her face were erected throughout the state capital; an american diplomat, in a cable published by wikileaks, recalled one that was captioned ?amma is god.?continue reading the main story subramanian swamy, a onetime confidant who went on to file the corruption charges against ms. jayaram, said she seemed to be compensating for brutal treatment that she suffered as a teenage girl, thrust into working as a film actress in kollywood, tamil nadu?s homegrown film industry.?suddenly everything was at her command, and she went berserk,? he said. ?she really thought she was going to be the queen of india.?mr. swamy, then the leader of the janata party, filed a case against his former friend in 1996, after she lost a bid to serve a second term. he alleged that, after coming to power with little wealth, she had illegally accumulated 660 million rupees, or about $10 million, during her first term, funneling large sums of money through a series of shell companies. a search of her home at the time found that she possessed more than 10,000 saris and some 66 pounds of gold, matter-of-factly itemized under headings such as ?one gold waist belt studded with 2,389 diamonds, 18 emeralds and nine rubies weighing 2.3 pounds.?but the case inched its way forward through a blizzard of delays and motions. after winning election a second time, ms. jayaram returned as chief minister in 2002. in the decision released on sept. 27, judge john michael cunha noted that after she regained her office, the accused recalled 76 prosecution witnesses, and that ?64 of them casually, without any rhyme or reason, backtracked from their earlier version,? including a high-ranking police official, a development he called ?amazing and shocking.?a turning point came in 2003, when india?s supreme court granted prosecutors a change of venue to neighboring karnataka state, something ms. jayaram?s political rivals had pursued. mr. cunha concluded his 1,136-page ruling with a quotation from former vice president al gore, that ?if political and economic freedoms have been siblings in the history of liberty, it is incestuous coupling of wealth and power that poses the deadliest threat to democracy.??heady mix of power and wealth is the bottom line of this case,? the judge wrote.the verdict, which included a fine of $16 million, clearly came as a jolt to the party faithful. after the flamboyance of her first term, ms. jayaram had become more careful, and for all her imperiousness, tamil nadu is a well-run state. the poor have benefited greatly from a flotilla of public welfare programs she has introduced: nutritious meals are available for a few pennies at ?amma canteens,? subsidized medications at ?amma pharmacies,? to say nothing of ?amma salt,? ?amma water,? ?amma cinema? and ?amma cement.?lakshmi shrika, 40, lived next door to the electrician who self-immolated, and she shook her head in bafflement when asked about his act. she, too, has a soft spot for the jailed leader, whom she called ?a very bold female.? under ms. shrika?s table was one of the party?s famous freebies: a new food processor emblazoned with ms. jayaram?s face.continue reading the main story continue reading the main story still, she said that she had been shocked by the reaction of her mother?s friends, whom she overheard saying that the judge and his family should be killed.?they are so angry, so aggressive,? she said. ?older people, they have taken it to their heart. they are more devoted.?it was hard to say how many people had committed suicide over ms. jayaram?s conviction; by the middle of the week, officials from her party had a list of 37, but the circumstances were impossible to independently confirm. some officials seemed to be counting heart attacks. after the death of the party?s founder, the matinee idol marudhur gopalan ramachandran, dozens of suicides were reported; skeptics in chennai said that the party incentivized such acts with payments to surviving family members.the times of india reported the self-immolation on thursday of a 23-year-old woman in a village in the southern part of the state who doused herself with gasoline after putting her baby daughters to sleep. she was in serious condition, with burns on 60 percent of her body. family members told the newspaper that she had spoken of little but the verdict since saturday.on wednesday, a group of followers lighted candles and chanted over mr. ramachandran?s grave, which overlooks the bay of bengal, and a thin, gray-haired woman beat on her breast with her fists. ?today, our madam is in jail,? said their leader, a lawyer named n. nevalinathan. ?we ask our god to help us overturn all obstacles.?in an interview after the ceremony, he called ms. jayaram ?a living god.? he said he could fully understand why her admirers might consider suicide.?you see, they do it for love, because of affection,? he said. ?if there is ever a situation in which the mother is gone, all of her children are left in the road.? hari kumar contributed reporting. a version of this article appears in print on october 5, 2014, on page a4 of the new york edition with the headline: indian state in mourning after graft conviction. order reprints|today's paper|subscribe more on nytimes.com site index news world u.s. politics new york business technology science health sports education obituaries today's paper corrections opinion today's opinion op-ed columnists editorials contributing writers op-ed contributors opinionator letters sunday review taking note room for debate public editor video: opinion arts today's arts art &amp; design artsbeat books dance movies music n.y.c. events guide television theater video games video: arts living automobiles crosswords dining &amp; wine education fashion &amp; style health home &amp; garden jobs magazine n.y.c. events guide real estate t magazine travel weddings &amp; celebrations listings &amp; more classifieds tools &amp; services times topics public editor n.y.c. events guide tv listings blogs cartoons multimedia photography video nyt store times journeys subscribe manage my account subscribe subscribe times premier home delivery digital subscriptions nyt now nyt opinion email newsletters alerts crosswords gift subscriptions corporate subscriptions education rate mobile applications replica edition international new york times ? 2014 the new york times company home search contact us work with us advertise your ad choices privacy terms of service terms of sale site map help site feedback subscriptions", "bull": 0}, {"raw_text": "nytimes.com no longer supports internet explorer 8 or earlier. please upgrade your browser. learn more ? skip to content skip to navigation view mobile version asia pacific|scrutinized for handling of pro-democracy protests, police have own troubles search sponsored by search nytimes.com http://nyti.ms/1rlbipl loading... see next articles see previous articles home page home page world u.s. politics new york business business opinion opinion technology science health sports sports arts arts fashion &amp; style fashion &amp; style dining &amp; wine dining &amp; wine home &amp; garden travel magazine real estate video crosswords times premier the upshot more africa americas asia pacific europe middle east at war india ink sinosphere education first draft elections city room artsbeat events dealbook economy energy markets media small business your money dealbook economy energy markets media small business your money op-ed columnists editorials contributing writers op-ed contributors opinionator letters sunday review taking note room for debate public editor cartoons op-ed columnists editorials contributing writers op-ed contributors opinionator letters sunday review taking note room for debate public editor cartoons bits personal tech environment space &amp; cosmos well health guide fitness &amp; nutrition money &amp; policy the new old age views baseball basketball: college basketball: n.b.a. football: college football: n.f.l. golf hockey soccer tennis baseball basketball: college basketball: n.b.a. football: college football: n.f.l. golf hockey soccer tennis art &amp; design artsbeat books dance movies music n.y.c. events guide television theater video games art &amp; design artsbeat books dance movies music n.y.c. events guide television theater video games t magazine motherlode on the runway weddings t magazine motherlode on the runway weddings cooking restaurants cooking restaurants commercial real estate great homes &amp; destinations my real estate u.s. &amp; politics international new york opinion times documentaries business technology culture style health dining &amp; wine travel sports real estate science the upshot crosswords today's paper obituaries automobiles corrections multimedia photography classifieds tools &amp; services jobs times topics blogs nyt store times journeys subscribe manage account charles m. blow david brooks frank bruni roger cohen gail collins ross douthat maureen dowd thomas l. friedman nicholas kristof paul krugman joe nocera charles m. blow david brooks frank bruni roger cohen gail collins ross douthat maureen dowd thomas l. friedman nicholas kristof paul krugman joe nocera asia pacific scrutinized for handling of pro-democracy protests, police have own troubles by keith bradsheroct. 4, 2014 inside photo officers separated an injured man from the crowd saturday after scuffles in the mong kok area. credit bobby yip/reuters continue reading the main story continue reading the main story continue reading the main story share this page continue reading the main story continue reading the main story the young man standing on a hong kong street corner early friday afternoon had much in common with the pro-democracy protesters who had blockaded major avenues for the past week: cheerful and eager to help passers-by, he was a recent college graduate with friends at the barricades downtown.but unlike the protesters, the young man wore a dark blue police uniform, and had a police officer?s cap clipped to his belt. and like many officers here, he felt mounting frustration not only with the protesters, whom he blamed for his long hours, but also with the government, which he blamed for holding the police back while taking a wait-them-out approach to the protesters. continue reading the main story related coverage hong kong leader?s warning renews protesters? zeal as crowds swell oct. 4, 2014 violence erupts in hong kong as protesters are assaultedoct. 3, 2014 hong kong leader refuses to resign, but deputy to meet with protestersoct. 2, 2014 ?i have to work 15- or 16-hour shifts, with very little rest,? the young man complained, insisting on anonymity because he did not have permission to speak with a journalist. ?i think we are much more lenient than other countries. what we should do is not let the demonstrators leave because they are taking shifts and going home, eating meals and sleeping; if we don?t let them leave, the protests will wither away quickly.? continue reading the main story photographs images of hong kong?s umbrella revolution a wave of pro-democracy protests has engulfed hong kong, swelling at times to tens of thousands, and raising tensions with mainland china. open photographs asked what he would do if he found himself in a police line facing a protester who was a friend from college, his answer was crisp and unhesitating: ?if anyone i know confronts me, i?ll do my job.?as the protests here enter their second week, the tactics of the hong kong police force have come under intense scrutiny. some pro-democracy critics describe as unwarranted the use of dozens of tear gas grenades last sunday on unarmed protesters ? the first use of tear gas in hong kong since protests against a world trade organization meeting here in 2005. the critics also contend that the police did not respond fast enough to defend protesters at one location on friday evening from an angry crowd, possibly with links to organized crime, that pushed and even hit protesters while accusing them of disrupting business.others say the police have not been aggressive enough in stopping protesters from illegally closing off roads to traffic for a week. and others have wondered where the sympathies of the police lie in a city that heavily favors democracy, but is deeply divided on the tactics needed to pursue that goal.continue reading the main story little has been heard from the officers themselves, largely because they have been ordered not to speak to the news media.but in separate interviews without the knowledge or consent of police officials, six current and former officers spoke of the frustration that they and many others on the force felt at bearing the brunt of the protesters? anger, and at having their hands tied by a government policy that eschews confrontation, at least for now. with the exception of steve vickers, a former head of police criminal intelligence, they all spoke on the condition of anonymity.among the specific complaints of the police: that protesters have been allowed to shout at them and poke them with the umbrellas that have become a symbol of their protest.officers are also upset that protesters have been allowed to block roads with more than 1,000 barricades that belong to the police. continue reading the main story map areas of skirmishes and protests in hong kong tens of thousands of pro-democracy protests have been occupying several areas in hong kong since friday. open map continue reading the main story officers had hurriedly abandoned the barricades, made either of steel or of red and white heavy-duty plastic, when the government abruptly ordered most police officers off the streets on monday after the controversy that erupted over the use of tear gas. they have largely remained off the streets ever since.?it is difficult for us when we see the law broken,? said one officer.but tempering such anger is a wariness of being involved in a political dispute at all. ?we are a law enforcement agency, it should not be us,? the officer added.mr. vickers, who was the force?s head of criminal intelligence before britain returned hong kong to china in 1997 and is now the chief executive of a risk mitigation company here, said that concern is widespread. ?the police view this as a political situation and are hoping for a political solution,? he said, adding that, ?if they?re given solid political backing, i?m pretty sure they?ll clear the demonstrators.?until the disturbances of the past week, the hong kong police had a global reputation for effective crowd control. in 2003, a pro-democracy crowd estimated at 350,000 by police and at over 500,000 by organizers boiled through downtown streets but caused no property damage, and not a single arrest was made. police officers stayed polite and even friendly while also making sure that protesters followed their designated route through the heart of downtown.robert s. mueller iii, the director of the federal bureau of investigation at the time, remarked in an official visit here soon afterward that the hong kong police had set new standards for managing large crowds of protesters, and that the united states was among the countries learning from their example.with few exceptions, the police are not usually even armed, in good part because few criminals here carry guns. hong kong has some of the world?s most stringent gun control laws; possession of two or more bullets is punishable by a jail sentence of 18 months. continue reading the main story video play video|2:38 scenes of chaos in hong kong scenes of chaos in hong kong violent skirmishes broke out between pro-democracy protesters in hong kong and the men who tore down their encampments on friday in the mong kok neighborhood. video by jonah m. kessel on publish date october 3, 2014. photo by wally santana/associated press. the police were forced to take a tougher stance with protesters last sunday for fear that the crowd was about to topple barriers and cause a stampede that could injure protesters and officers alike, a police commander said. the commander, who spoke on condition of anonymity because of the sensitivity of the case, said he ordered his officers to lob tear gas grenades over the front of a mostly peaceful crowd of more than 20,000 people because a small group of agitators at the front had nearly succeeded in pushing over steel police barriers.television footage does not show the interlocked barriers giving way, although people at the front of the crowd do appear to be scuffling with police and poking umbrellas at them.albert cheng, a democracy advocate who is a former member of the independent police complaints council, a statutory agency created in 2009, said that the crowd had been peaceful and that the use of tear gas was excessive. he also questioned whether the police had given an audible warning to demonstrators before using it.continue reading the main story continue reading the main story the commander said they had, and while the roar of the crowd might have mostly drowned it out, he believed those at the front would have heard the warning.he said that his officers did not even have any tear gas grenades until he became worried about the steel barriers, and that he asked for his senior commander to authorize sending them from the police headquarters several blocks away.after complaining of excessive force last sunday, protesters were upset on friday night about inadequate force being used against pro-beijing counterdemonstrators who accosted them, hit them and allegedly groped some women students.a hong kong government official said on friday night that the police had made an intensive effort to protect protesters in the face of a very large, hostile crowd.?there?s a ring of blue and white around the protesters, and bedlam everywhere else,? said the official, referring to the blue uniforms worn by most police officers and the white shirts worn by more senior officers. neil gough and hilda wang contributed reporting. a version of this article appears in print on october 5, 2014, on page a10 of the new york edition with the headline: scrutinized for handling of pro-democracy protests, police have own troubles. order reprints|today's paper|subscribe more on nytimes.com site index news world u.s. politics new york business technology science health sports education obituaries today's paper corrections opinion today's opinion op-ed columnists editorials contributing writers op-ed contributors opinionator letters sunday review taking note room for debate public editor video: opinion arts today's arts art &amp; design artsbeat books dance movies music n.y.c. events guide television theater video games video: arts living automobiles crosswords dining &amp; wine education fashion &amp; style health home &amp; garden jobs magazine n.y.c. events guide real estate t magazine travel weddings &amp; celebrations listings &amp; more classifieds tools &amp; services times topics public editor n.y.c. events guide tv listings blogs cartoons multimedia photography video nyt store times journeys subscribe manage my account subscribe subscribe times premier home delivery digital subscriptions nyt now nyt opinion email newsletters alerts crosswords gift subscriptions corporate subscriptions education rate mobile applications replica edition international new york times ? 2014 the new york times company home search contact us work with us advertise your ad choices privacy terms of service terms of sale site map help site feedback subscriptions", "bull": 0}, {"raw_text": "nytimes.com no longer supports internet explorer 8 or earlier. please upgrade your browser. learn more ? skip to content skip to navigation view mobile version middle east|in golan, imagined risks become all too real search sponsored by search nytimes.com http://nyti.ms/zgjgll loading... see next articles see previous articles home page home page world u.s. politics new york business business opinion opinion technology science health sports sports arts arts fashion &amp; style fashion &amp; style dining &amp; wine dining &amp; wine home &amp; garden travel magazine real estate video crosswords times premier the upshot more africa americas asia pacific europe middle east at war india ink sinosphere education first draft elections city room artsbeat events dealbook economy energy markets media small business your money dealbook economy energy markets media small business your money op-ed columnists editorials contributing writers op-ed contributors opinionator letters sunday review taking note room for debate public editor cartoons op-ed columnists editorials contributing writers op-ed contributors opinionator letters sunday review taking note room for debate public editor cartoons bits personal tech environment space &amp; cosmos well health guide fitness &amp; nutrition money &amp; policy the new old age views baseball basketball: college basketball: n.b.a. football: college football: n.f.l. golf hockey soccer tennis baseball basketball: college basketball: n.b.a. football: college football: n.f.l. golf hockey soccer tennis art &amp; design artsbeat books dance movies music n.y.c. events guide television theater video games art &amp; design artsbeat books dance movies music n.y.c. events guide television theater video games t magazine motherlode on the runway weddings t magazine motherlode on the runway weddings cooking restaurants cooking restaurants commercial real estate great homes &amp; destinations my real estate u.s. &amp; politics international new york opinion times documentaries business technology culture style health dining &amp; wine travel sports real estate science the upshot crosswords today's paper obituaries automobiles corrections multimedia photography classifieds tools &amp; services jobs times topics blogs nyt store times journeys subscribe manage account charles m. blow david brooks frank bruni roger cohen gail collins ross douthat maureen dowd thomas l. friedman nicholas kristof paul krugman joe nocera charles m. blow david brooks frank bruni roger cohen gail collins ross douthat maureen dowd thomas l. friedman nicholas kristof paul krugman joe nocera middle east in golan, imagined risks become all too real by jodi rudorenoct. 4, 2014 inside continue reading the main story slide show slide show|8 photos preparing for new risks in golan heights preparing for new risks in golan heights credit continue reading the main story continue reading the main story continue reading the main story share this page continue reading the main story continue reading the main story ein zivan, golan heights ? the updates poured in by two-way radio and cellphone as tomer lahav?s pickup sped around this kibbutz near israel?s cease-fire line with syria one recent evening. mortars were falling on ein zivan. a car broke through the nearby quneitra border crossing. two armed infiltrators killed, 20 residents injured, a child ? or was it two? ? missing.mr. lahav, head of the kibbutz?s civilian security team, dragged his 14-year-old son across a grassy plaza, though his knee wound, like the rest of it, was imagined, as part of a training exercise. ?razi, climb into the back,? his father told him. ?i have to take you to the ambulance.? continue reading the main story related coverage protests erupt in homs over bombings that killed dozens of syrian schoolchildren oct. 2, 2014 philippines pulls troops from zone near syriasept. 23, 2014 the drill was the most intense anyone here could recall, after weeks in which real fighting in syria had repeatedly spilled across the fortified fence. a worker at a winery on the kibbutz was nearly paralyzed by a tank shell, ein zivan?s orchards were hit several times and seven recent alarms ordered the 300 residents to seek shelter from incoming fire. continue reading the main story damascus lebanon demilitarized zone quneitra mt. bental ein zivan israel golan heights syria sea of galilee jordan 10 miles israel?s quietest frontier for four decades, the golan heights is now seen by some experts as its most volatile and unpredictable. syrian insurgents, some aligned with al qaeda, have seized border villages, along with the crossing at quneitra, and the united nations forces that patrolled the demilitarized zone have mostly evacuated their posts. late last month, israel shot down a syrian plane that entered its airspace.as an american-led coalition targets the islamic state with airstrikes, israelis are waiting, warily, for what seems like an inevitable escalation near, if not on, their turf. the military at the end of 2013 added a new division focused on the growing threat. now, local tourism is in trouble and people are increasingly on edge.?the sky has become cloudy, more black or gray,? said eyal ben-reuven, a retired major general with experience in the area. ?it?s like a huge bottle with gas surrounded by candles. you just need to push one candle and everything can blow up in a minute.?continue reading the main story the military would not provide details about the events it calls ?zligah? ? hebrew for ?spillover? ? other than to say there have not been more than 100. a senior official in the new division, speaking on the condition of anonymity under military protocol, said the chief concern is how israel?s 1974 cease-fire agreement with syria would be upheld ?if there?s no sovereign military on the other side.??now we?re planning for a different type of threat,? he explained, ?the terror and islamic extremist threat.?analysts here believe that the myriad fighting forces in syria are, at this point, uninterested in engaging israel. but they also know that the nusra front, the qaeda-affiliated group controlling towns in sight of israeli territory; hezbollah, the lebanese shiite militia backing the syrian army; and the islamic state, also called isis, all consider israel an illegal occupier of the golan. even a mistake ? an errant shell that kills a family on a hike ? could set off a conflagration.continue reading the main story continue reading the main story ?i can?t say that i am afraid 24 hours a day, but today i don?t have any security of what the other side can decide to do against me,? said udi arnon, who has been living in ein zivan since 1972 and lately keeps a flashlight by his bed. ?this is a crazy paradox: you have a big wall; on one side they fight and kill each other, and the other side you have the flowers and the birds and the children laugh. i can?t sleep quietly.?israel captured the golan, a strategic plateau of lush hills, from syria in 1967. after the 1973 war, it returned a small section, which became the united nations-patrolled zone. israel and syria remain technically at war, and the world does not recognize israel?s 1981 annexation of the 444-square-mile area.the jewish population has doubled to 30,000 in the past 20 years, most people drawn not by ideology but by financial incentives, stunning landscapes and rural quiet ? the last two now punctured by an imposing high-tech border fence and the soundtrack of steady shooting beyond. there are also about 22,000 druze, a native sect that mostly shuns israeli citizenship but volunteers for its military.for the druze, the developments in syria have direct repercussions. apple farmers are unlikely to be able to export to syria through quneitra this year, which asaad safadi, a warehouse manager, estimated would reduce the annual $100 million market by about $7 million. hundreds of druze usually attend university in damascus; this year it is ?tens,? according to salman fakhreldin, a local activist.at the valley of tears, a 1973 battle site, two middle-aged men stood on an old israeli bunker with binoculars trained on the billows of bomb smoke. they declined to give their names for fear it could hurt their relatives on the syrian side, but said they come every day to watch the war.the latest fighting, the men said, has been in a government-controlled village at 1 o?clock from the lookout point; the insurgents have the villages at 10 o?clock and 2 o?clock. recently, the men added, the opposition seemed to have replaced its pickup trucks with motorbikes to race along the road by the fence.at another lookout, atop mount bental, a group of christians from norway held hands in a circle and prayed for the destruction of the islamic state. (?stop them, lord; stop them and crush them.?) nearby, other tourists practically tripped over two members of the united nations truce supervision office, who have planted their telescope on bental since abandoning their post on the syrian side after nusra insurgents kidnapped other international observers.for israeli jews, the situation has all but erased the debate over giving back the golan to make peace with syria, something that came close to happening as recently as 2010. imagine, people said over and over in interviews, if that deal had gone through, and nusra or islamic state insurgents were near the sea of galilee rather than across a deep valley in the golan.golan residents are steadfast about staying, but unease is seeping in. giora chepelinski said visitors to his chocolate factory, who provide 40 percent of its revenue, were down about 75 percent this september from last. on monday night, only one of ein zivan?s 48 guest rooms was occupied. many spoke of the situation as surreal: the august day the winery here was hit, a midwife from ein zivan helped deliver the baby of a syrian woman, one of more than 1,300 refugees treated in israel since april 2013.mr. lahav, the kibbutz security chief, said his budget was doubled this year, and that ein zivan and the state spent another $50,000 to turn an old bomb shelter into a modern ?war room? with closed-circuit cameras, cots and a closet full of machine guns. israeli soldiers regularly join ein zivan?s apple-pickers now to boost confidence, and mr. lahav does three to five patrols daily rather than one.it is hard to be a bystander to someone else?s war, said mr. lahav, who dismissed the word ?zligah? ? spillover ? as ?political.??it hurts exactly the same if somebody meant to shoot at you or didn?t mean it,? he said. ?but our response is not the same.?last week?s drill started with live-ammunition sharpshooting for the 22-man security team, including a 58-year-old poultry worker, a man who makes insoles and the driver of a tour jeep who said he had a single client in the past two months. hours later, they were combing the kibbutz alongside soldiers to mock-ensure all the residents were accounted for.as they huddled over maps between houses, the familiar sound of shooting erupted not far away. ?that?s real,? mr. lahav said. ?that?s not training.? rina castelnuovo contributed reporting. a version of this article appears in print on october 5, 2014, on page a6 of the new york edition with the headline: in golan, imagined risks become all too real . order reprints|today's paper|subscribe more on nytimes.com site index news world u.s. politics new york business technology science health sports education obituaries today's paper corrections opinion today's opinion op-ed columnists editorials contributing writers op-ed contributors opinionator letters sunday review taking note room for debate public editor video: opinion arts today's arts art &amp; design artsbeat books dance movies music n.y.c. events guide television theater video games video: arts living automobiles crosswords dining &amp; wine education fashion &amp; style health home &amp; garden jobs magazine n.y.c. events guide real estate t magazine travel weddings &amp; celebrations listings &amp; more classifieds tools &amp; services times topics public editor n.y.c. events guide tv listings blogs cartoons multimedia photography video nyt store times journeys subscribe manage my account subscribe subscribe times premier home delivery digital subscriptions nyt now nyt opinion email newsletters alerts crosswords gift subscriptions corporate subscriptions education rate mobile applications replica edition international new york times ? 2014 the new york times company home search contact us work with us advertise your ad choices privacy terms of service terms of sale site map help site feedback subscriptions", "bull": 0}, {"raw_text": "nytimes.com no longer supports internet explorer 8 or earlier. please upgrade your browser. learn more ? skip to content skip to navigation view mobile version middle east|fighting on multiple fronts in syria search sponsored by search nytimes.com http://nyti.ms/1rw8zm1 loading... see next articles see previous articles home page home page world u.s. politics new york business business opinion opinion technology science health sports sports arts arts fashion &amp; style fashion &amp; style dining &amp; wine dining &amp; wine home &amp; garden travel magazine real estate video crosswords times premier the upshot more africa americas asia pacific europe middle east at war india ink sinosphere education first draft elections city room artsbeat events dealbook economy energy markets media small business your money dealbook economy energy markets media small business your money op-ed columnists editorials contributing writers op-ed contributors opinionator letters sunday review taking note room for debate public editor cartoons op-ed columnists editorials contributing writers op-ed contributors opinionator letters sunday review taking note room for debate public editor cartoons bits personal tech environment space &amp; cosmos well health guide fitness &amp; nutrition money &amp; policy the new old age views baseball basketball: college basketball: n.b.a. football: college football: n.f.l. golf hockey soccer tennis baseball basketball: college basketball: n.b.a. football: college football: n.f.l. golf hockey soccer tennis art &amp; design artsbeat books dance movies music n.y.c. events guide television theater video games art &amp; design artsbeat books dance movies music n.y.c. events guide television theater video games t magazine motherlode on the runway weddings t magazine motherlode on the runway weddings cooking restaurants cooking restaurants commercial real estate great homes &amp; destinations my real estate u.s. &amp; politics international new york opinion times documentaries business technology culture style health dining &amp; wine travel sports real estate science the upshot crosswords today's paper obituaries automobiles corrections multimedia photography classifieds tools &amp; services jobs times topics blogs nyt store times journeys subscribe manage account charles m. blow david brooks frank bruni roger cohen gail collins ross douthat maureen dowd thomas l. friedman nicholas kristof paul krugman joe nocera charles m. blow david brooks frank bruni roger cohen gail collins ross douthat maureen dowd thomas l. friedman nicholas kristof paul krugman joe nocera middle east |??nyt now fighting on multiple fronts in syria by anne barnardoct. 4, 2014 inside continue reading the main story continue reading the main story continue reading the main story share this page continue reading the main story continue reading the main story beirut, lebanon ? fighting continued saturday across syria, with the militant group islamic state assaulting a kurdish enclave on the turkish border, american-led airstrikes hitting islamic state positions in northeastern syria and syrian government airstrikes pounding other insurgents near damascus, syria?s capital.video surfaced of peter kassig, an american medical worker held by the islamic state, in which the militants threatened that he would be the next hostage to be killed. the beheadings of two american journalists helped to set off the expansion of american-led strikes on the islamic state, also known as isis, from targets in iraq to the militants? positions in syria.in damascus, president bashar al-assad of syria made a rare public appearance, joining prayers for the eid al-adha holiday at the numan bin bashir mosque in scenes broadcast on syrian state television. his last public appearance was in july at the end of the ramadan holiday. continue reading the main story related coverage interactive a rogue state along two riversjuly 3, 2014 graphic how isis workssept. 16, 2014 turkish officials were weighing a ground intervention in syria as islamic state militants shelled a kurdish enclave on the border. the syrian government had warned on friday that any military intervention on its soil by turkey would be considered an act of ?aggression.? continue reading the main story graphic amid airstrikes against isis, refugees flee syria a visual guide to the crisis in iraq and syria. open graphic the warning came after prime minister ahmet davutoglu said that turkey would do whatever possible to prevent the kurdish enclave of kobani from falling to the islamic state militants. kurds, though, are suspicious of turkish intentions. they have said that turkey is the main route for the passage of islamic state militants into syria and that turkey prefers the militants to the semiautonomous kurdish area that has evolved in the area during three years of chaos in syria.near aleppo, syria?s largest city, insurgents who are not part of the islamic state group were struggling to fight off a government offensive. the syrian army on friday moved into a village north of aleppo long held by the insurgents.the other insurgents, some of whom president obama says he is counting on as a ground force against the islamic state militants in syria, contend that by striking the islamic state but not mr. assad, the united states is aiding the syrian president in his effort to crush the revolt against him.the war in syria began with political protests against mr. assad?s rule but transformed into a civil war after government crackdowns on demonstrators, as mr. assad?s opponents took up arms and the army responded with heavy weapons. jihadist groups arose, eventually paving the way for the foreign-led islamic state, which has seized large portions of iraq and syria.the syrian government has focused on fighting insurgents who are not part of the islamic state group, part of what its opponents and some of its supporters call a strategy to leave the west with a choice between itself and the extremist islamic state. but lately, islamic state fighters have routed government bases, increasing fears among mr. assad?s base, and the government has increased airstrikes against the militants.while the syrian government says american attacks on its soil without coordination are a violation of its sovereignty, some officials have recently said that as long as the coalition led by the united states is hitting the islamic state, it is effectively helping the syrian government. a version of this article appears in print on october 5, 2014, on page a14 of the new york edition with the headline: fighting on multiple fronts in syria. order reprints|today's paper|subscribe more on nytimes.com site index news world u.s. politics new york business technology science health sports education obituaries today's paper corrections opinion today's opinion op-ed columnists editorials contributing writers op-ed contributors opinionator letters sunday review taking note room for debate public editor video: opinion arts today's arts art &amp; design artsbeat books dance movies music n.y.c. events guide television theater video games video: arts living automobiles crosswords dining &amp; wine education fashion &amp; style health home &amp; garden jobs magazine n.y.c. events guide real estate t magazine travel weddings &amp; celebrations listings &amp; more classifieds tools &amp; services times topics public editor n.y.c. events guide tv listings blogs cartoons multimedia photography video nyt store times journeys subscribe manage my account subscribe subscribe times premier home delivery digital subscriptions nyt now nyt opinion email newsletters alerts crosswords gift subscriptions corporate subscriptions education rate mobile applications replica edition international new york times ? 2014 the new york times company home search contact us work with us advertise your ad choices privacy terms of service terms of sale site map help site feedback subscriptions", "bull": 0}, {"raw_text": "nytimes.com no longer supports internet explorer 8 or earlier. please upgrade your browser. learn more ? skip to content skip to navigation view mobile version middle east|coalition leader warns of long fight against isis in iraq search sponsored by search nytimes.com http://nyti.ms/zd4h7n loading... see next articles see previous articles home page home page world u.s. politics new york business business opinion opinion technology science health sports sports arts arts fashion &amp; style fashion &amp; style dining &amp; wine dining &amp; wine home &amp; garden travel magazine real estate video crosswords times premier the upshot more africa americas asia pacific europe middle east at war india ink sinosphere education first draft elections city room artsbeat events dealbook economy energy markets media small business your money dealbook economy energy markets media small business your money op-ed columnists editorials contributing writers op-ed contributors opinionator letters sunday review taking note room for debate public editor cartoons op-ed columnists editorials contributing writers op-ed contributors opinionator letters sunday review taking note room for debate public editor cartoons bits personal tech environment space &amp; cosmos well health guide fitness &amp; nutrition money &amp; policy the new old age views baseball basketball: college basketball: n.b.a. football: college football: n.f.l. golf hockey soccer tennis baseball basketball: college basketball: n.b.a. football: college football: n.f.l. golf hockey soccer tennis art &amp; design artsbeat books dance movies music n.y.c. events guide television theater video games art &amp; design artsbeat books dance movies music n.y.c. events guide television theater video games t magazine motherlode on the runway weddings t magazine motherlode on the runway weddings cooking restaurants cooking restaurants commercial real estate great homes &amp; destinations my real estate u.s. &amp; politics international new york opinion times documentaries business technology culture style health dining &amp; wine travel sports real estate science the upshot crosswords today's paper obituaries automobiles corrections multimedia photography classifieds tools &amp; services jobs times topics blogs nyt store times journeys subscribe manage account charles m. blow david brooks frank bruni roger cohen gail collins ross douthat maureen dowd thomas l. friedman nicholas kristof paul krugman joe nocera charles m. blow david brooks frank bruni roger cohen gail collins ross douthat maureen dowd thomas l. friedman nicholas kristof paul krugman joe nocera middle east |??nyt now coalition leader warns of long fight against isis in iraq by kirk sempleoct. 3, 2014 inside continue reading the main story continue reading the main story continue reading the main story share this page continue reading the main story continue reading the main story baghdad ? the american official coordinating the international coalition fighting the islamic state said on friday that the iraqi military would not be ready for a campaign to retake mosul, the largest iraqi city under insurgent control, for as much as a year.mosul has become a symbol of the strength of the islamist insurgency, which has made the city its stronghold, and of the failure of the iraqi security forces, which wilted in june as militants swept across the syrian border and overran the city as they pushed toward baghdad.the broad timeline given by the official, retired gen. john r. allen, seemed to reflect the immense challenges facing the iraqi military command and its international partners, including about 1,600 american troops deployed by president obama, as they seek to rebuild the iraqi security forces. continue reading the main story related coverage australia says it will join airstrikes against islamic state in iraqoct. 3, 2014 5,500 iraqis killed since islamic state began its military drive, u.n. saysoct. 2, 2014 kurds in iraq?s north make gains against islamic statesept. 30, 2014 facing militants with supplies dwindling, iraqi soldiers took to phonessept. 26, 2014 ?when it?s undertaken, the right kind of planning and preparation will have been done to make sure the outcome will favor the iraqis,? said general allen, a retired marine who served in the iraq war and was the top american commander in afghanistan. continue reading the main story open graphic graphic: amid airstrikes against isis, refugees flee syria ?the operation will kick off within a year,? he told reporters, though he warned that the struggle would be protracted. mosul is the second-largest city in iraq.?it?s not a single battle,? he said. ?it?s a campaign.?general allen?s comments came during a brief trip to iraq to meet with what he called ?a broad range of actors across the iraqi political and military spheres.? it was his first visit to baghdad since his appointment by the obama administration last month to lead the international coalition.in the northern and western parts of the country that it controls, the islamic state has carried out mass executions, abducted women and girls as sex slaves and imposed a harsh form of shariah, or islamic law. relief officials say more than a million people have been displaced from their homes. on friday, the insurgents distributed leaflets demanding that all medical personnel and teachers who left areas under their control return to their hometowns within 10 days. violators would be penalized by the confiscation of their homes and possessions, the islamic state warned. zeid ra?ad zeid al-hussein, the new united nations high commissioner for human rights, said in a statement this week that the insurgency?s abuses ?may amount to war crimes or crimes against humanity.?officials fear that the longer the group is allowed to remain in control of conquered areas, the more entrenched it will become and the harder it will be to dislodge. yet so far, the iraqi military, despite the support of an american-led campaign of airstrikes, has not been able to make significant, sustained gains against the insurgency.in response to a question about the efficacy of the aerial bombardments, general allen said they had ?slowed the momentum? of the islamic state and provided valuable support for iraqi forces holding strategic positions, like the haditha dam in anbar province, and for iraqi forces retaking ground, like the battle in august at the mosul dam. two more nations on friday were poised to join the aerial campaign. in australia, prime minister tony abbott said that his country?s forces would take part in airstrikes and that special operations units would advise the iraqi military.? in canada, prime minister stephen harper asked parliament?on friday?to approve airstrikes on islamic state targets in iraq. a vote was expected?on monday, and approval seemed likely.continue reading the main story continue reading the main story but general allen emphasized that the strategy to beat back and destroy the insurgency would be a long and complex military and political effort.a centerpiece will be strengthening the iraqi security forces, which have suffered from poor leadership, low morale, rampant corruption and chronic problems of logistics, intelligence and resupply, officials say. ?we must build iraqi capacity to take on the fight,? general allen said, reiterating mr. obama?s vow not to deploy american combat troops to iraq. a vital piece of the military strategy includes a plan to bolster national guard units under the authority of the provincial governors. the plan ? proposed by prime minister haider al-abadi last month ? echoes a strategy employed during the iraq war, in which moderate sunni tribes were paid and armed to fight alongside iraqi and american troops.general allen was the deputy marine commander in anbar province at the time and helped to guide the formation and implementation of that strategy, called the awakening. but officials say the details of the national guard project are still being worked out, including how to engage the sunni tribes and whether to eventually integrate shiite militias.in the meantime, however, some sunni tribal groups, either on their own or in collaboration with iraqi security forces, have taken up arms against islamic state fighters. in recent weeks, officials said, sunni tribal fighters have played a crucial role in several battles against islamic state.this week, for instance, an unusual de facto alliance evolved in the district of dhuluiya, about 50 miles north of baghdad, where sunni fighters from the jubouri tribe found themselves fighting alongside shiite militias ? widely feared and mistrusted by sunnis ? and iraqi security forces.?what made us fight together is that we face the same rival,? hussein abdulla al-jubouri, a tribal sheikh from dhuluiya, said in an interview on friday.while there was no formal agreement to fight together, he said, the various forces aligned out of common purpose.the alliance, he said, managed to repel the insurgents. ?we fought as one hand,? he said. an iraqi employee of the new york times contributed reporting from tikrit, iraq, michelle innis from sydney, and ian austen from ottawa. a version of this article appears in print on october 4, 2014, on page a6 of the new york edition with the headline: coalition leader warns of long fight in iraq. order reprints|today's paper|subscribe more on nytimes.com site index news world u.s. politics new york business technology science health sports education obituaries today's paper corrections opinion today's opinion op-ed columnists editorials contributing writers op-ed contributors opinionator letters sunday review taking note room for debate public editor video: opinion arts today's arts art &amp; design artsbeat books dance movies music n.y.c. events guide television theater video games video: arts living automobiles crosswords dining &amp; wine education fashion &amp; style health home &amp; garden jobs magazine n.y.c. events guide real estate t magazine travel weddings &amp; celebrations listings &amp; more classifieds tools &amp; services times topics public editor n.y.c. events guide tv listings blogs cartoons multimedia photography video nyt store times journeys subscribe manage my account subscribe subscribe times premier home delivery digital subscriptions nyt now nyt opinion email newsletters alerts crosswords gift subscriptions corporate subscriptions education rate mobile applications replica edition international new york times ? 2014 the new york times company home search contact us work with us advertise your ad choices privacy terms of service terms of sale site map help site feedback subscriptions", "bull": 0}, {"raw_text": "nytimes.com no longer supports internet explorer 8 or earlier. please upgrade your browser. learn more ? skip to content skip to navigation view mobile version africa|ebola?s cultural casualty: hugs in hands-on liberia search sponsored by search nytimes.com http://nyti.ms/1n3igak loading... see next articles see previous articles home page home page world u.s. politics new york business business opinion opinion technology science health sports sports arts arts fashion &amp; style fashion &amp; style dining &amp; wine dining &amp; wine home &amp; garden travel magazine real estate video crosswords times premier the upshot more africa americas asia pacific europe middle east at war india ink sinosphere education first draft elections city room artsbeat events dealbook economy energy markets media small business your money dealbook economy energy markets media small business your money op-ed columnists editorials contributing writers op-ed contributors opinionator letters sunday review taking note room for debate public editor cartoons op-ed columnists editorials contributing writers op-ed contributors opinionator letters sunday review taking note room for debate public editor cartoons bits personal tech environment space &amp; cosmos well health guide fitness &amp; nutrition money &amp; policy the new old age views baseball basketball: college basketball: n.b.a. football: college football: n.f.l. golf hockey soccer tennis baseball basketball: college basketball: n.b.a. football: college football: n.f.l. golf hockey soccer tennis art &amp; design artsbeat books dance movies music n.y.c. events guide television theater video games art &amp; design artsbeat books dance movies music n.y.c. events guide television theater video games t magazine motherlode on the runway weddings t magazine motherlode on the runway weddings cooking restaurants cooking restaurants commercial real estate great homes &amp; destinations my real estate u.s. &amp; politics international new york opinion times documentaries business technology culture style health dining &amp; wine travel sports real estate science the upshot crosswords today's paper obituaries automobiles corrections multimedia photography classifieds tools &amp; services jobs times topics blogs nyt store times journeys subscribe manage account charles m. blow david brooks frank bruni roger cohen gail collins ross douthat maureen dowd thomas l. friedman nicholas kristof paul krugman joe nocera charles m. blow david brooks frank bruni roger cohen gail collins ross douthat maureen dowd thomas l. friedman nicholas kristof paul krugman joe nocera africa |??nyt now ebola?s cultural casualty: hugs in hands-on liberia by helene cooperoct. 4, 2014 inside photo sunday service at bridgeway baptist church in monrovia, liberia, where ebola has upset an integral part of the culture. credit jerome delay/associated press continue reading the main story continue reading the main story continue reading the main story share this page continue reading the main story continue reading the main story monrovia, liberia ? it is hard enough to push away family and friends, shunning an embrace or even a shake of the hand to protect yourself from ebola.but imagine trying not to touch your 2-year-old daughter when she is feverish, vomiting blood and in pain.precious diggs, a 33-year-old contractor for a rubber company, had heard all the warnings from the legions of public health workers here in liberia. she had seen the signs that dot the road from harbel, where she works, to the capital, monrovia, some 35 miles away: ?ebola is here and real!? they say. ?stop the denial!?but when her toddler, rebecca, started ?toileting and vomiting,? there was no way her mother was not going to pick her up.?na mind, baby,? ms. diggs whispered in her baby?s ear. ?i beg you, na mind.? continue reading the main story related coverage a plan to use survivors? blood for ebola treatment in africaoct. 3, 2014 dallas hospital alters account, raising questions on ebola caseoct. 3, 2014 here in the heart of the worst ebola outbreak in history, the question of whether to touch a stranger has only one answer: you don?t. but even in more intimate circles, in families and among lifelong friends, liberians are starting to pull away from one another, straining against generations of a culture in which closeness is expressed through physical contact. photo dominion life church in monrovia, liberia, after a brief quarantine was lifted in august. credit daniel berehulak for the new york times liberia ? from the elite doyennes who spend their days sending houseboys to the market to fetch oranges for them, all the way to the young boys on tubman boulevard who run up to cars hawking plastic bags of ice ? used to be a tactile place. everybody kissed friends, strangers and cousins, regardless of whether people met every day or had not seen one another in 20 years.in a version of the genteel affectations that freed american slaves brought with them two centuries ago when they came here, the double-cheek kiss, for decades, was the standard greeting.people often held hands while singing hymns at first united methodist church on ashmun street on sundays, and after services sometimes took up to an hour to disperse, going systematically from cheek to cheek.at parties in monrovia, new arrivals went from person to person around a room, taking the hand of each seated guest as they bent down to kiss and chat. sometimes it could take 15 to 20 minutes to make the rounds at a house party of just 10 people. when it was time to leave, the ritual began again.continue reading the main story that?s all gone now. ebola is spread through bodily fluids: vomit, blood, feces, tears, saliva and sweat. close contact has become taboo.the liberian government has decreed that taxis ? which used to cram in six, seven, eight people, and in a recent case, four goats even ? are allowed to take just three people in the back seat: fewer riders to touch one another.sylvester vagn, 40, who was a corporate driver with a tech company before he was laid off a few months ago, said thursday that even with only two people sharing the taxi with him, he still now jams his body against the door. whichever arm is closest to his fellow passengers, he places it across his body and practically out the window. ?i sit so, with my head so,? he said, demonstrating how he leans his head as far away as possible. ?and i bring jacket.?continue reading the main story continue reading the main story clara k. mallah, 27, wears long sleeves, pulling them over her hands whenever her 3-year-old niece comes running up to her. ms. mallah, a national translator with an international organization in monrovia, makes an exception only for her 52-year-old mother, a diabetic amputee who never leaves the house. even so, ms. mallah has trepidation. photo residents wash their hands with chlorine at a church in liberia. credit daniel berehulak for the new york times ?if my mom could walk,? she said, ?i wouldn?t touch her.?those close family ties expose the fragility of the belief that you can completely protect yourself from ebola by keeping your hands to yourself. can you really not touch an ailing mother?ephraim dunbar couldn?t. when mr. dunbar, 37, got a phone call in late august that his mother had taken ill, he rushed to her house in dolos town, the enclave near harbel where dozens of people have succumbed to ebola. he found her in bed, vomiting blood.his mind went immediately to the precautions against the virus. he did his best not to touch her. but as she grew worse, unable to keep anything down, he gave her milk, and tried to soothe her. his skin touched hers.his mother died the next day.just after his mother?s funeral, mr. dunbar?s own forehead got hot with fever. for 15 days, he stayed at john f. kennedy hospital in monrovia, fighting the disease. it was a fight he eventually won. but when he got out of the hospital, he found out that four of his sisters, his brother, his father, his aunt, his uncle and his two nephews had died. his entire family, wiped out in days.on friday, mr. dunbar said he would do nothing different. ?that?s my ma,? he said, ?that she the one born me.? levy zeopuegar?s achilles? heel was his oldest sister, neconie ? ?one father, one mother,? he described her in the liberian way of distinguishing the special bond of full siblings in a country where half brothers or half sisters are common.when neconie got sick, her brother chartered a private car to take her to the hospital and climbed in with her. when the driver pointed out that blood was pooling from her nose, mr. zeopuegar turned to her with a towel. continue reading the main story more ebola coverage neconie died. her husband, also in the car, died. mr. zeopuegar almost died as well, spending 19 days in the ebola treatment unit in harbel. for days, he hiccupped blood, feeling each day was his last, until finally, one morning, he woke up and knew he would live.?you have to understand,? he tried to explain. ?this ebola thing. you will see your son or daughter sick in bed and say, ?i not touching her?? that is impossible.?and yet, that is what liberians must do to combat the virus. on the streets of monrovia, it sometimes seems impossible. children still run around in local markets pushing and playing. people in wheelchairs still roll up to cars at red lights, palms outstretched. boys still push their way through the densely crowded west point neighborhood.many people say they have not felt the warmth of human skin in months. many do not shake hands or kiss any more. no caressing. no hugging.but some still do. sister barbara brillant, dean of mother patern college of health sciences at st. theresa?s convent, last week was driving down the street when she saw a young couple holding hands.?stop holding hands!? she yelled out the car window.?they looked at me like i was crazy,? sister barbara said later.so when 2-year-old rebecca got sick, precious diggs picked her baby up. rebecca did not make it, and died days later.she passed ebola on to her mother.weeks later, ms. diggs was released from a treatment unit. she sat in front of the discharge tent with a row of eight people, all recovered from the disease, all waiting to walk out into new and starkly different lives. a version of this article appears in print on october 5, 2014, on page a1 of the new york edition with the headline: ebola?s cultural casualty: hugs in a hands-on land. order reprints|today's paper|subscribe more on nytimes.com site index news world u.s. politics new york business technology science health sports education obituaries today's paper corrections opinion today's opinion op-ed columnists editorials contributing writers op-ed contributors opinionator letters sunday review taking note room for debate public editor video: opinion arts today's arts art &amp; design artsbeat books dance movies music n.y.c. events guide television theater video games video: arts living automobiles crosswords dining &amp; wine education fashion &amp; style health home &amp; garden jobs magazine n.y.c. events guide real estate t magazine travel weddings &amp; celebrations listings &amp; more classifieds tools &amp; services times topics public editor n.y.c. events guide tv listings blogs cartoons multimedia photography video nyt store times journeys subscribe manage my account subscribe subscribe times premier home delivery digital subscriptions nyt now nyt opinion email newsletters alerts crosswords gift subscriptions corporate subscriptions education rate mobile applications replica edition international new york times ? 2014 the new york times company home search contact us work with us advertise your ad choices privacy terms of service terms of sale site map help site feedback subscriptions", "bull": 0}, {"raw_text": "nytimes.com no longer supports internet explorer 8 or earlier. please upgrade your browser. learn more ? skip to content skip to navigation view mobile version health|a plan to use survivors? blood for ebola treatment in africa search sponsored by search nytimes.com http://nyti.ms/1x7ndg3 loading... see next articles see previous articles home page home page world u.s. politics new york business business opinion opinion technology science health sports sports arts arts fashion &amp; style fashion &amp; style dining &amp; wine dining &amp; wine home &amp; garden travel magazine real estate video crosswords times premier the upshot more africa americas asia pacific europe middle east at war india ink sinosphere education first draft elections city room artsbeat events dealbook economy energy markets media small business your money dealbook economy energy markets media small business your money op-ed columnists editorials contributing writers op-ed contributors opinionator letters sunday review taking note room for debate public editor cartoons op-ed columnists editorials contributing writers op-ed contributors opinionator letters sunday review taking note room for debate public editor cartoons bits personal tech environment space &amp; cosmos well health guide fitness &amp; nutrition money &amp; policy the new old age views baseball basketball: college basketball: n.b.a. football: college football: n.f.l. golf hockey soccer tennis baseball basketball: college basketball: n.b.a. football: college football: n.f.l. golf hockey soccer tennis art &amp; design artsbeat books dance movies music n.y.c. events guide television theater video games art &amp; design artsbeat books dance movies music n.y.c. events guide television theater video games t magazine motherlode on the runway weddings t magazine motherlode on the runway weddings cooking restaurants cooking restaurants commercial real estate great homes &amp; destinations my real estate u.s. &amp; politics international new york opinion times documentaries business technology culture style health dining &amp; wine travel sports real estate science the upshot crosswords today's paper obituaries automobiles corrections multimedia photography classifieds tools &amp; services jobs times topics blogs nyt store times journeys subscribe manage account charles m. blow david brooks frank bruni roger cohen gail collins ross douthat maureen dowd thomas l. friedman nicholas kristof paul krugman joe nocera charles m. blow david brooks frank bruni roger cohen gail collins ross douthat maureen dowd thomas l. friedman nicholas kristof paul krugman joe nocera health |??nyt now a plan to use survivors? blood for ebola treatment in africa by andrew pollackoct. 3, 2014 inside photo health officials hope to recruit survivors, like julius prout of liberia, to give blood to help others. credit jerome delay/associated press continue reading the main story continue reading the main story continue reading the main story share this page continue reading the main story continue reading the main story with no proven drugs to treat ebola and experimental ones in short supply, the health authorities are planning to turn instead to a treatment that is walking around in the outbreak zone in west africa.that would be the blood of people who have been sickened by the ebola virus but have since recovered. their blood should contain antibodies that might help other patients fight off the infection.the world health organization is making it a priority to try such convalescent blood or plasma, as it is called, and is talking with the affected countries about how to do it.this week, the organization issued guidance on how to collect the blood and administer transfusions.?the concept that this treatment could be efficacious is biologically plausible, as convalescent plasma has been used successfully for the treatment of a variety of infectious agents,? the w.h.o. guidance document says. continue reading the main story related coverage dallas hospital alters account, raising questions on ebola caseoct. 3, 2014 ebola crisis brings an abundance of caution into a dallas community oct. 3, 2014 how to help in efforts to stem ebola?s tideoct. 2, 2014 graphic what are the chances ebola will spread in the united states?july 31, 2014 plausibility, however, is not proof that such treatments would work for ebola and some virologists doubt it will. the results of studies in monkeys were discouraging, they note. continue reading the main story are there drugs to treat ebola? full graphic ? host cell ebola virus viral rna ebola virus infects cells by injecting viral rna. antibodies ebola virus blood from ebola survivors might be used to treat patients. zmapp zmapp, an experimental drug, might help patients. there will also be logistical problems carrying this out in west africa, where blood banks are not well developed. one challenge will be to make sure that the donated blood, even if it helps patients recover from ebola, does not give them h.i.v. or hepatitis.?major questions need to be answered about the safety and efficacy of convalescent therapies, and the feasibility of implementation in countries with shattered health systems and an acute shortage of medical staff,? the w.h.o. said in a separate statement released a week ago.still, with the epidemic spiraling out of control, there is a sense that some treatment needs to be offered, even if only to give sick people hope and a reason to go to medical centers, where they can be stopped from spreading the disease to others. and there are really no other good options.?the attraction is, at least on the surface, it is something that could be implemented readily,? said dr. daniel bausch, an expert on ebola at tulane university and an adviser to the health organization.continue reading the main story continue reading the main story related in opinion room for debate: how to stop the spread of ebola?oct. 2, 2014 the bill &amp; melinda gates foundation and the wellcome trust are among the organizations championing convalescent plasma and working on how to put it into effect.?blood is donated in west africa every day of the week for surgery and other things and could be safely tested for viruses,? said dr. jeremy farrar, director of the wellcome trust.such therapies have already been used in the current outbreak. dr. kent brantly, an american aid worker who contracted ebola in liberia, received a blood transfusion from a boy who had recovered. after dr. brantly survived his bout with the disease, some of his plasma was given to another american aid worker, dr. rick sacra, who also recovered.but it is not known whether the transfusions helped in those cases, since both men also received experimental drugs and excellent supportive care in american hospitals.authorities say this approach has been used in africa, but to a limited extent. there have even been rumors of a black market for the blood of survivors. dr. margaret chan, the director general of the w.h.o., said in a news conference last month that her organization would work to stamp out underground use of blood because such a therapy must be administered properly and safely.continue reading the main story continue reading the main story the use of blood or plasma ? either from recovered patients or from animals deliberately exposed to a pathogen ? dates from the late 1800s, and for decades was a mainstay of treatment for infectious diseases. emil von behring, a german physician scientist, won the first nobel prize in physiology or medicine in 1901 for pioneering the serum approach for diphtheria.convalescent therapies were used, apparently with some success, in the spanish flu pandemic of 1918. and such treatments are still used for rabies, snake bites, hepatitis a and b, and other diseases. but for some viral diseases, like hepatitis c and the human immunodeficiency virus, it has not been shown to work. continue reading the main story more ebola coverage many of the treatments used today are made by pooling the plasma of many donors and processing it to get high concentrations of the desired antibodies. that is probably not going to be feasible in africa because of a lack of technology and the large-scale facilities to do it, according to executives in the plasma products industry.the simplest approach would be to use whole blood donated by one person and transfused into another. that has some risk of side effects, like allergic reactions, though not much if the blood types of donor and recipient match.a better approach, experts say, would be to transfuse only plasma, the clear part of the blood that contains the antibodies. plasma can be obtained by letting the blood cells settle and drawing off the plasma.even better would be to use apheresis machines, which collect only the plasma from the donor. people can donate plasma alone much more frequently than they can donate whole blood, which can be an advantage if there are not many survivors willing to donate. experts say it would be feasible to bring in such machines for use in the better-equipped treatment centers in west africa.one challenge could be testing donated blood to make sure it is truly free of ebola virus, as well as of h.i.v., hepatitis b, hepatitis c and syphilis.albert farrugia, vice president for global access at the plasma protein therapeutics association, a trade group, said there are ways to inactivate viruses in donated plasma that might be feasible to deploy in africa. one such approach treats the plasma with solvents and detergents in a plastic bag.convalescent blood or plasma has been tried for ebola since the virus first emerged in 1976. that year, a woman in the democratic republic of congo, known then as zaire, received plasma from a person who had recovered from the related marburg virus, however, she still died, according to the health organization.in november of that year, a researcher in britain who was working with material from the african outbreak accidentally pricked himself and got sick. he received two transfusions of serum from survivors in africa, as well as the antiviral drug interferon. he eventually recovered.in the 1995 outbreak in kikwit, also in congo, seven of eight people who received convalescent whole blood survived, a survival rate far better than the 20 percent for the outbreak as a whole. still, the patients got a higher than usual standard of care that may have accounted, in part, for the better survival rate.testing in primates has not found serum to be effective against ebola. after one of their negative studies, united states government researchers wrote in a 2007 paper: ?given these discouraging results and the risks of transmitting infection, whole-blood transfusions, even under desperate epidemic conditions, seem unwarranted.?but now there are desperate conditions and plans are moving ahead. one of the authors of that paper, dr. thomas w. geisbert, now with the university of texas medical branch in galveston, said that as long as the blood was adequately screened for viruses, the transfusions should do no harm, even if they do not help.the w.h.o. says trying such therapies will have a benefit beyond ebola by developing the capacity in west africa to do transfusions in general. that could help in treating injuries, other diseases like malaria and yellow fever, and complications of childbirth. correction: october 3, 2014 a previous version of this article misquoted a statement by the world health organization. the organization said, in part, ?...the feasibility of implementation in countries with shattered health systems...,? not ?...the feasibility of implantation in countries with shattered health systems...? a version of this article appears in print on october 4, 2014, on page a12 of the new york edition with the headline: health officials plan use of ebola survivors? blood as a treatment. order reprints|today's paper|subscribe more on nytimes.com site index news world u.s. politics new york business technology science health sports education obituaries today's paper corrections opinion today's opinion op-ed columnists editorials contributing writers op-ed contributors opinionator letters sunday review taking note room for debate public editor video: opinion arts today's arts art &amp; design artsbeat books dance movies music n.y.c. events guide television theater video games video: arts living automobiles crosswords dining &amp; wine education fashion &amp; style health home &amp; garden jobs magazine n.y.c. events guide real estate t magazine travel weddings &amp; celebrations listings &amp; more classifieds tools &amp; services times topics public editor n.y.c. events guide tv listings blogs cartoons multimedia photography video nyt store times journeys subscribe manage my account subscribe subscribe times premier home delivery digital subscriptions nyt now nyt opinion email newsletters alerts crosswords gift subscriptions corporate subscriptions education rate mobile applications replica edition international new york times ? 2014 the new york times company home search contact us work with us advertise your ad choices privacy terms of service terms of sale site map help site feedback subscriptions", "bull": 0}, {"raw_text": "nytimes.com no longer supports internet explorer 8 or earlier. please upgrade your browser. learn more ? skip to content skip to navigation view mobile version europe|biden apologizes to turkish president search sponsored by search nytimes.com http://nyti.ms/1bfqg9k loading... see next articles see previous articles home page home page world u.s. politics new york business business opinion opinion technology science health sports sports arts arts fashion &amp; style fashion &amp; style dining &amp; wine dining &amp; wine home &amp; garden travel magazine real estate video crosswords times premier the upshot more africa americas asia pacific europe middle east at war india ink sinosphere education first draft elections city room artsbeat events dealbook economy energy markets media small business your money dealbook economy energy markets media small business your money op-ed columnists editorials contributing writers op-ed contributors opinionator letters sunday review taking note room for debate public editor cartoons op-ed columnists editorials contributing writers op-ed contributors opinionator letters sunday review taking note room for debate public editor cartoons bits personal tech environment space &amp; cosmos well health guide fitness &amp; nutrition money &amp; policy the new old age views baseball basketball: college basketball: n.b.a. football: college football: n.f.l. golf hockey soccer tennis baseball basketball: college basketball: n.b.a. football: college football: n.f.l. golf hockey soccer tennis art &amp; design artsbeat books dance movies music n.y.c. events guide television theater video games art &amp; design artsbeat books dance movies music n.y.c. events guide television theater video games t magazine motherlode on the runway weddings t magazine motherlode on the runway weddings cooking restaurants cooking restaurants commercial real estate great homes &amp; destinations my real estate u.s. &amp; politics international new york opinion times documentaries business technology culture style health dining &amp; wine travel sports real estate science the upshot crosswords today's paper obituaries automobiles corrections multimedia photography classifieds tools &amp; services jobs times topics blogs nyt store times journeys subscribe manage account charles m. blow david brooks frank bruni roger cohen gail collins ross douthat maureen dowd thomas l. friedman nicholas kristof paul krugman joe nocera charles m. blow david brooks frank bruni roger cohen gail collins ross douthat maureen dowd thomas l. friedman nicholas kristof paul krugman joe nocera europe |??nyt now biden apologizes to turkish president by sebnem arsuoct. 4, 2014 inside continue reading the main story continue reading the main story continue reading the main story share this page continue reading the main story continue reading the main story istanbul ? a diplomatic rift between turkey and the united states was patched over late saturday after the american vice president, joseph r. biden jr., officially apologized to turkey?s president, recep tayyip erdogan, for remarks suggesting that turkey helped facilitate the rise of the islamic state terrorist group.in remarks at harvard university on thursday, mr. biden said mr. erdogan had admitted erring in allowing foreign fighters to cross turkey?s border into syria, eventually leading to the formation of the group, also known as isis and isil. continue reading the main story related coverage turkey votes to allow operations against isisoct. 2, 2014 mr. biden?s spokeswoman, kendra barkoff, said in an emailed statement that the two leaders spoke by phone on saturday. ?the vice president apologized for any implication that turkey or other allies and partners in the region had intentionally supplied or facilitated the growth of isil or other violent extremists in syria,? ms. barkoff said. ?the united states greatly values the commitments and sacrifices made by our allies and partners from around the world to combat the scourge of isil, including turkey.?earlier saturday, mr. erdogan had demanded an apology, saying he had never made any such remark to mr. biden. ?if mr. biden has said such a thing at harvard, he needs to apologize to us,? mr. erdogan told reporters here.mr. erdogan, despite widespread evidence to the contrary, denied that turkey?s long, porous border had enabled thousands of militants to cross onto the syrian and iraqi battlefields since the syrian civil war began in 2011. ?foreign fighters never crossed into syria from our country,? mr. erdogan said. ?they would cross into syria from turkey on tourist passports, but nobody can claim that they have crossed with arms.?speaking at the john f. kennedy school of government, mr. biden said allies including turkey, qatar and the united arab emirates had extended unconditional financial and logistical support to sunni fighters trying to oust the syrian government of president bashar al-assad.?president erdogan told me,? he said, according to the turkish newspaper hurriyet, ???you were right. we let too many people through. now we are trying to seal the border.??our allies poured hundreds of millions of dollars and tens of thousands of tons of weapons into anyone who would fight against al-assad,? he said, including jihadists planning to join the nusra front and al qaeda.mr. biden also praised the turkish parliamentary vote on thursday that authorized cross-border operations into syria and iraq to tackle militants from the islamic state and would allow foreign forces to use turkish territory for incursions.?it took a while for turkey, a sunni nation, to figure out that isil was a direct and immediate threat to their well-being,? mr. biden was quoted as saying.facing mounting international criticism about lax border controls, ankara has stepped up the sharing of intelligence with allies in recent months to update a no-entry list with 6,000 names, government officials say.in september, turkey agreed to join an american-led coalition against the islamic state, but declined to sign a communiqu? calling for military action because the group was holding 46 turkish citizens as hostages.after the hostages were released in a covert intelligence operation, turkey gained more flexibility in addressing the threat.instead of making a firm military commitment, however, mr. erdogan on saturday underlined the importance of setting up a buffer and no-fly zone inside syria to prevent an influx of refugees, and called for training and equipment for moderate syrian opposition forces. a version of this article appears in print on october 5, 2014, on page a14 of the new york edition with the headline: biden apologizes to turkish president. order reprints|today's paper|subscribe more on nytimes.com site index news world u.s. politics new york business technology science health sports education obituaries today's paper corrections opinion today's opinion op-ed columnists editorials contributing writers op-ed contributors opinionator letters sunday review taking note room for debate public editor video: opinion arts today's arts art &amp; design artsbeat books dance movies music n.y.c. events guide television theater video games video: arts living automobiles crosswords dining &amp; wine education fashion &amp; style health home &amp; garden jobs magazine n.y.c. events guide real estate t magazine travel weddings &amp; celebrations listings &amp; more classifieds tools &amp; services times topics public editor n.y.c. events guide tv listings blogs cartoons multimedia photography video nyt store times journeys subscribe manage my account subscribe subscribe times premier home delivery digital subscriptions nyt now nyt opinion email newsletters alerts crosswords gift subscriptions corporate subscriptions education rate mobile applications replica edition international new york times ? 2014 the new york times company home search contact us work with us advertise your ad choices privacy terms of service terms of sale site map help site feedback subscriptions", "bull": 0}, {"raw_text": "nytimes.com no longer supports internet explorer 8 or earlier. please upgrade your browser. learn more ? skip to content skip to navigation view mobile version europe|under francis, catholic leaders prepare to debate whether church should change search sponsored by search nytimes.com http://nyti.ms/1cjaczb loading... see next articles see previous articles home page home page world u.s. politics new york business business opinion opinion technology science health sports sports arts arts fashion &amp; style fashion &amp; style dining &amp; wine dining &amp; wine home &amp; garden travel magazine real estate video crosswords times premier the upshot more africa americas asia pacific europe middle east at war india ink sinosphere education first draft elections city room artsbeat events dealbook economy energy markets media small business your money dealbook economy energy markets media small business your money op-ed columnists editorials contributing writers op-ed contributors opinionator letters sunday review taking note room for debate public editor cartoons op-ed columnists editorials contributing writers op-ed contributors opinionator letters sunday review taking note room for debate public editor cartoons bits personal tech environment space &amp; cosmos well health guide fitness &amp; nutrition money &amp; policy the new old age views baseball basketball: college basketball: n.b.a. football: college football: n.f.l. golf hockey soccer tennis baseball basketball: college basketball: n.b.a. football: college football: n.f.l. golf hockey soccer tennis art &amp; design artsbeat books dance movies music n.y.c. events guide television theater video games art &amp; design artsbeat books dance movies music n.y.c. events guide television theater video games t magazine motherlode on the runway weddings t magazine motherlode on the runway weddings cooking restaurants cooking restaurants commercial real estate great homes &amp; destinations my real estate u.s. &amp; politics international new york opinion times documentaries business technology culture style health dining &amp; wine travel sports real estate science the upshot crosswords today's paper obituaries automobiles corrections multimedia photography classifieds tools &amp; services jobs times topics blogs nyt store times journeys subscribe manage account charles m. blow david brooks frank bruni roger cohen gail collins ross douthat maureen dowd thomas l. friedman nicholas kristof paul krugman joe nocera charles m. blow david brooks frank bruni roger cohen gail collins ross douthat maureen dowd thomas l. friedman nicholas kristof paul krugman joe nocera europe |??nyt now under francis, catholic leaders prepare to debate whether church should change by jim yardleyoct. 3, 2014 inside continue reading the main story continue reading the main story continue reading the main story share this page continue reading the main story continue reading the main story rome ? from the outset of his papacy, pope francis has encouraged a robust and open debate over the contentious social issues that have long sundered the roman catholic church. now, with a critical meeting on the theme of family about to begin at the vatican, he is seemingly getting what he wanted: a charged atmosphere with cardinals jousting over how and whether the church should change.conservatives, in particular, are trying to stop any prospects for allowing divorced and remarried catholics to receive the sacrament of holy communion. a group of powerful conservative cardinals has released a handful of books ? timed to coincide with the opening of the vatican meeting on sunday ? that are fashioned as rebuttals to such proposals but that some analysts see as thinly veiled swipes at francis. continue reading the main story related coverage vatican city journal: a papal decision leaves some feeling less than charitableoct. 1, 2014 ?the conservatives have already mobilized,? said marco politi, a longtime vatican analyst and the author of a new book, ?francis among the wolves.? ?now it is up to the reformers to come out.?for francis, the two-week gathering is the beginning of a yearlong process that could determine what sort of changes he will, or will not, bring to the church?s approach to social issues such as divorce, gay civil unions or single parents. the meeting, known as an extraordinary synod, is an open forum at which 191 bishops, cardinals and other church leaders are expected to debate these and other issues, and to set the agenda for a final, decisive synod next october.having enjoyed a mostly charmed papacy, francis is now plunging into contested terrain that requires confronting entrenched power blocs in the vatican and beyond. he set the synod schedule early in his papacy, and while he has remained opaque about what specific changes he is seeking, he has spoken about a more merciful, inclusive approach. some analysts believe he sent a pointed signal last month when he oversaw a wedding of 20 couples in st. peter?s basilica, including couples who had been living together and a person whose previous marriage had been annulled.continue reading the main story recent history hangs over the proceedings. in 1980, pope john paul ii convened a synod on the theme of family, but analysts say it served to stanch reformist dissent and further concentrate authority in the vatican. many synods since then have largely been vehicles to rubber-stamp policies handed down from the vatican, many experts say.by contrast, francis has sought to let conflicting voices be heard, while also issuing a questionnaire to gather opinions from ordinary catholics.?the synod is dedicated to the family because the context of the family has changed from the way it was 33 years ago,? said cardinal lorenzo baldisseri during a news conference at the vatican on friday. cardinal baldisseri, appointed by the pope to oversee the synod, added, ?we need to be able to put the church?s reality in today?s reality.?cardinal baldisseri said that francis would attend the daily meetings, in which a range of people are expected to speak, but that he would mostly be an observer, other than offering a daily prayer and a speech to conclude the proceedings on oct. 19.continue reading the main story continue reading the main story he noted that although the western news media and many western catholic leaders have fixated on certain social issues, the talks would be wide-ranging, given the church?s global scope, to include issues like poverty, migration and polygamy.yet for many, the bellwether topic will be whether church leaders will ease the process for allowing divorced and remarried catholics to receive communion. the church already uses annulments to declare that a marriage was never actually valid, clearing the way for catholics who have divorced and remarried to receive communion. but annulments are usually a cumbersome, time-consuming process. recently, francis appointed a commission to simplify procedures.in february, francis chose walter kasper, an emeritus cardinal from germany, to give the opening address that month at a consistory of cardinals considered the first step in the synod process. cardinal kasper, regarded as a liberal on social issues, has proposed a mechanism whereby some divorced or remarried catholics could serve a period of penance and then be allowed to receive communion.some cardinals have spoken out against the proposal as a violation of catholic doctrine, a stance he recently rejected. ?catholic doctrine is not a closed system, but a living tradition that develops,? cardinal kasper was quoted as saying recently by il mattino, an italian daily newspaper. ?they want to crystallize the truth in certain formulas,? he said, ?the formulas of tradition.?cardinal kasper, noting that the pope had endorsed his february speech, questioned the motives of some critics. ?i am not the target; the target is another,? he said, suggesting the target was francis.the opposition is led by a group of conservative cardinals who this week published a book, ?remaining in the truth of christ,? that included essays intended to rebut cardinal kasper. in a conference call with journalists this week, one of the authors, cardinal raymond l. burke, said the church could not change teachings on marriage and bluntly criticized cardinal kasper.?he was urging a direction which in the whole history of the church has never been taken,? said cardinal burke, prefect of the supreme tribunal of the apostolic signatura and a former archbishop of st. louis. he added that church teaching ?is handed down to us from the apostles.??the synod is not meeting to create some new teaching in the church, or to break with that tradition,? cardinal burke said.(he also criticized cardinal kasper?s comment that people were criticizing him to attack the pope. ?i find it amazing that the cardinal claims to speak for the pope,? cardinal burke said, adding: ?the pope is not mute. he can speak for himself, and if this is what he wants, he will say so.?)some catholic scholars note that the church has demonstrated considerable flexibility over the centuries when facing changing societal problems. stephen j. pope, a professor of theological ethics at boston college, said the new discussions over social issues are unsettling to some bishops, who ascended by toeing an ideological line but are now being encouraged to speak their personal views, even as francis seems to want to bring change.?it?s clear that pope francis is signaling that, but he wants that result from dialogue within the church,? mr. pope said. ?he wants it to emerge organically from discussions, rather than impose it.?mr. politi, the vatican analyst, said the emerging political fault lines were actually a boon to francis, who organized the synod over two meetings ? divided by a year ? in order to stir the sort of deep conversation needed to bring a mandate for change.?you can only have big changes to the catholic church if all the bishops and cardinals are involved,? mr. politi said. ?for pope francis, it is important that people speak out, even if they speak out against him.? laurie goodstein contributed reporting from new york, gaia pianigiani from vatican city. a version of this article appears in print on october 4, 2014, on page a6 of the new york edition with the headline: under francis, catholic leaders prepare to debate whether church should change. order reprints|today's paper|subscribe more on nytimes.com site index news world u.s. politics new york business technology science health sports education obituaries today's paper corrections opinion today's opinion op-ed columnists editorials contributing writers op-ed contributors opinionator letters sunday review taking note room for debate public editor video: opinion arts today's arts art &amp; design artsbeat books dance movies music n.y.c. events guide television theater video games video: arts living automobiles crosswords dining &amp; wine education fashion &amp; style health home &amp; garden jobs magazine n.y.c. events guide real estate t magazine travel weddings &amp; celebrations listings &amp; more classifieds tools &amp; services times topics public editor n.y.c. events guide tv listings blogs cartoons multimedia photography video nyt store times journeys subscribe manage my account subscribe subscribe times premier home delivery digital subscriptions nyt now nyt opinion email newsletters alerts crosswords gift subscriptions corporate subscriptions education rate mobile applications replica edition international new york times ? 2014 the new york times company home search contact us work with us advertise your ad choices privacy terms of service terms of sale site map help site feedback subscriptions", "bull": 0}, {"raw_text": "nytimes.com no longer supports internet explorer 8 or earlier. please upgrade your browser. learn more ? skip to content skip to navigation view mobile version europe|sweden to recognize palestinian state search sponsored by search nytimes.com http://nyti.ms/1x7artg loading... see next articles see previous articles home page home page world u.s. politics new york business business opinion opinion technology science health sports sports arts arts fashion &amp; style fashion &amp; style dining &amp; wine dining &amp; wine home &amp; garden travel magazine real estate video crosswords times premier the upshot more africa americas asia pacific europe middle east at war india ink sinosphere education first draft elections city room artsbeat events dealbook economy energy markets media small business your money dealbook economy energy markets media small business your money op-ed columnists editorials contributing writers op-ed contributors opinionator letters sunday review taking note room for debate public editor cartoons op-ed columnists editorials contributing writers op-ed contributors opinionator letters sunday review taking note room for debate public editor cartoons bits personal tech environment space &amp; cosmos well health guide fitness &amp; nutrition money &amp; policy the new old age views baseball basketball: college basketball: n.b.a. football: college football: n.f.l. golf hockey soccer tennis baseball basketball: college basketball: n.b.a. football: college football: n.f.l. golf hockey soccer tennis art &amp; design artsbeat books dance movies music n.y.c. events guide television theater video games art &amp; design artsbeat books dance movies music n.y.c. events guide television theater video games t magazine motherlode on the runway weddings t magazine motherlode on the runway weddings cooking restaurants cooking restaurants commercial real estate great homes &amp; destinations my real estate u.s. &amp; politics international new york opinion times documentaries business technology culture style health dining &amp; wine travel sports real estate science the upshot crosswords today's paper obituaries automobiles corrections multimedia photography classifieds tools &amp; services jobs times topics blogs nyt store times journeys subscribe manage account charles m. blow david brooks frank bruni roger cohen gail collins ross douthat maureen dowd thomas l. friedman nicholas kristof paul krugman joe nocera charles m. blow david brooks frank bruni roger cohen gail collins ross douthat maureen dowd thomas l. friedman nicholas kristof paul krugman joe nocera europe |??nyt now sweden to recognize palestinian state by steven erlangeroct. 3, 2014 inside continue reading the main story continue reading the main story continue reading the main story share this page continue reading the main story continue reading the main story london ? sweden?s new center-left government has decided to recognize the state of palestine, the new prime minister, stefan lofven, said during his inaugural address to parliament on friday.sweden will be the first major state of the european union to recognize palestine, although some east european countries did so during the cold war, before they joined the union.the swedish announcement comes at a time of new tension between israel and many european nations over the recent fighting in gaza, the civilian casualties there and other issues. efforts to promote boycotts of israeli companies operating in the occupied west bank have gained momentum, and the conflict in gaza has prompted a spike in anti-israel and anti-semitic episodes in europe. continue reading the main story related coverage europe?s anti-semitism comes out of the shadowssept. 23, 2014 mr. lofven leads a minority government made up of his social democrats and the greens that is quite likely to be a weak government; it commands only 138 seats in parliament ? 37 short of an outright majority. the social democrats emerged as the largest party in elections on sept. 14, defeating a center-right coalition led by mr. lofven?s predecessor, fredrik reinfeldt. photo prime minister stefan lofven of sweden in parliament. credit janerik henriksson/european pressphoto agency though mr. reinfeldt?s government had been critical of israeli policies on settlements and the recent gaza war, it refused to recognize palestine as a sovereign state, arguing that the government there did not satisfy a basic criterion of sovereignty: to have control over its territory.mr. lofven told parliament on friday that ?the conflict between israel and palestine can only be solved with a two-state solution, negotiated in accordance with international law.? such a solution, he said, ?requires mutual recognition and a will to peaceful coexistence,? and ?sweden will therefore recognize the state of palestine.? he did not specify when that would happen.the announcement will be welcome news for president mahmoud abbas, the head of the palestinian authority, who has been pushing for formal statehood while negotiations with israel over a permanent peace settlement have repeatedly faltered.the palestinians are seeking pledges for reconstruction aid to rebuild gaza, which was badly damaged in the conflict. at a conference this month in cairo, mr. abbas is expected to ask for $4 billion in aid for gaza, which is still largely blockaded by both israel and egypt. his fatah political movement and hamas, the rival militant group that controls gaza, have formed a unity government but are still arguing over how to make such a government function in practice. even so, riad malki, the palestinian foreign minister, issued a statement on friday calling on other european union nations to follow sweden?s lead and recognize palestinian statehood. he praised sweden for its support for ?the values of freedom and dignity and human rights,? and said that recognition of palestine would aid ?a comprehensive and just peace.? his statement continued: ?in the name of the palestinian people and the palestinian leadership, we thank and salute the swedish position.? he mentioned malta, cyprus, poland, hungary and slovakia as examples of other european states that recognize palestine.continue reading the main story continue reading the main story israel, for its part, is expected to criticize mr. lofven?s announcement, which came at the start of the quiet period around yom kippur, the holiest day of the jewish calendar. israel has argued that a sovereign palestinian state with fixed borders can emerge only at the end of negotiations that yield a permanent peace settlement. israel also argues that the oslo accords committed both sides not to pursue unilateral moves before a final settlement.the united nations general assembly approved the recognition of the sovereign state of palestine ? as a nonmember observer state ? in november 2012. more than 100 countries recognize the state of palestine. but the united states, the european union and most of its member countries do not. the state department spokeswoman, jen psaki, told reporters in washington on friday that the swedish decision was ?premature.??we certainly support palestinian statehood, but it can only come through a negotiated outcome, a resolution of final status issues and mutual recognitions by both parties,? ms. psaki said.the foreign minister in the new swedish government will be margot wallstrom, a former european union commissioner and former united nations special representative on sexual violence in conflict. she replaces carl bildt, who gave sweden a prominent profile in international affairs during his tenure. fares akram contributed reporting from gaza city. a version of this article appears in print on october 4, 2014, on page a4 of the new york edition with the headline: sweden to recognize palestinian state. order reprints|today's paper|subscribe more on nytimes.com site index news world u.s. politics new york business technology science health sports education obituaries today's paper corrections opinion today's opinion op-ed columnists editorials contributing writers op-ed contributors opinionator letters sunday review taking note room for debate public editor video: opinion arts today's arts art &amp; design artsbeat books dance movies music n.y.c. events guide television theater video games video: arts living automobiles crosswords dining &amp; wine education fashion &amp; style health home &amp; garden jobs magazine n.y.c. events guide real estate t magazine travel weddings &amp; celebrations listings &amp; more classifieds tools &amp; services times topics public editor n.y.c. events guide tv listings blogs cartoons multimedia photography video nyt store times journeys subscribe manage my account subscribe subscribe times premier home delivery digital subscriptions nyt now nyt opinion email newsletters alerts crosswords gift subscriptions corporate subscriptions education rate mobile applications replica edition international new york times ? 2014 the new york times company home search contact us work with us advertise your ad choices privacy terms of service terms of sale site map help site feedback subscriptions", "bull": 0}, {"raw_text": "nytimes.com no longer supports internet explorer 8 or earlier. please upgrade your browser. learn more ? skip to content skip to navigation view mobile version europe|a chronicler of syria?s conflict returns to the spotlight, minus a disguise search sponsored by search nytimes.com http://nyti.ms/1cievwg loading... see next articles see previous articles home page home page world u.s. politics new york business business opinion opinion technology science health sports sports arts arts fashion &amp; style fashion &amp; style dining &amp; wine dining &amp; wine home &amp; garden travel magazine real estate video crosswords times premier the upshot more africa americas asia pacific europe middle east at war india ink sinosphere education first draft elections city room artsbeat events dealbook economy energy markets media small business your money dealbook economy energy markets media small business your money op-ed columnists editorials contributing writers op-ed contributors opinionator letters sunday review taking note room for debate public editor cartoons op-ed columnists editorials contributing writers op-ed contributors opinionator letters sunday review taking note room for debate public editor cartoons bits personal tech environment space &amp; cosmos well health guide fitness &amp; nutrition money &amp; policy the new old age views baseball basketball: college basketball: n.b.a. football: college football: n.f.l. golf hockey soccer tennis baseball basketball: college basketball: n.b.a. football: college football: n.f.l. golf hockey soccer tennis art &amp; design artsbeat books dance movies music n.y.c. events guide television theater video games art &amp; design artsbeat books dance movies music n.y.c. events guide television theater video games t magazine motherlode on the runway weddings t magazine motherlode on the runway weddings cooking restaurants cooking restaurants commercial real estate great homes &amp; destinations my real estate u.s. &amp; politics international new york opinion times documentaries business technology culture style health dining &amp; wine travel sports real estate science the upshot crosswords today's paper obituaries automobiles corrections multimedia photography classifieds tools &amp; services jobs times topics blogs nyt store times journeys subscribe manage account charles m. blow david brooks frank bruni roger cohen gail collins ross douthat maureen dowd thomas l. friedman nicholas kristof paul krugman joe nocera charles m. blow david brooks frank bruni roger cohen gail collins ross douthat maureen dowd thomas l. friedman nicholas kristof paul krugman joe nocera europe |??nyt now a chronicler of syria?s conflict returns to the spotlight, minus a disguise oct. 3, 2014 inside photo ?i absolutely couldn?t show my face because they would kill me. they know i am a reporter, but they don?t know i am the same one who makes this show.? credit bridgette auger continue reading the main story continue reading the main story the saturday profile by rebecca white continue reading the main story share this page continue reading the main story continue reading the main story gaziantep, turkey ? mary atwan, a trained nurse, has been a journalist in syria since 2012, but only when she traveled to italy this week to receive a prestigious award did the world learn her real name: maisa saleh.it was also a first chance for the world outside a narrow circle in syria to see a sample of her work, which in addition to meriting this year?s anna politkovskaya award for investigative journalism has earned her an arrest, imprisonment and exile in just a few short years.her home now is here in the turkish city of gaziantep, 30 miles from the border with syria. there is no thought of her returning to syria anytime soon. ?i know they will arrest me,? she said.although she got her start as a reporter for the syrian opposition channel orient tv, it was her work as the host of a weekly talk show beginning in january of last year that vaulted her into prominence.a natural brunette, on air ms. saleh wore a short blond wig with bangs, sunglasses with large round frames and a scarf that covered her mouth and nose. her voice was altered. even her family was unaware that the woman they watched on television every week was their beloved maisa. photo ms. saleh with an image of her sister, who was abducted by islamic state militants. \"is she alive?\" ms. saleh said. \"has she died? we don?t know.? credit bridgette auger ?i absolutely couldn?t show my face because they would kill me,? said ms. saleh, who was arrested in april of last year by the syrian government on suspicion of being ms. atwan. she was released months later when the authorities could not prove their case.?they know i am a reporter, but they don?t know i am the same one who makes this show,? she said. ?still, many, many friends and activists don?t know.?the relative anonymity has been a comfort to ms. saleh, 31, who has feared ? with good reason ? that her political affiliations could compromise her family?s safety, either with the government or the extreme militants fighting for control of syria.when she was released from prison last october, she learned that her youngest sister had been taken by militants with the islamic state.?there is nothing, no information,? ms. saleh said. ?is she alive? has she died? we don?t know.?continue reading the main story but now, with most of her immediate family out of danger, she has decided to go public with her story, though she asked that none of her family members be identified by name.born in aleppo, syria, into a family of freethinkers, ms. saleh has long lived in fear of the government, first hafez al-assad?s and then that of his son, the current president, bashar al-assad. her father, an elementary school teacher, was a marxist who liked to read philosophy in his spare time.?my family was very open-minded,? said ms. saleh, who was taught at an early age about human rights and social freedoms ? far from a normal upbringing in a police state. ?we knew something needed to change.?a trained intensive care nurse, she was first arrested in 2004 after meeting covertly with a politically minded group of friends. such gatherings, where they watched movies and plotted small protests in aleppo, were illegal.continue reading the main story continue reading the main story ?the regime had control of all things in syria,\" ms. saleh said. ?we were looking for freedom.?ms. saleh was released after a day of questioning, but the arrest flagged her as a possible conspirator. when the arab spring unrest erupted, in march 2011, she was targeted by mr. assad?s secret police.?the police came to the hospital and warned me,? she said.ms. saleh soon left her job as the head nurse in a damascus hospital and went into hiding. she began to set up field hospitals in damascus, the capital, to treat wounded demonstrators, who could not receive medical care at government hospitals.?if you were shot while protesting, you could not seek treatment,? she said. ?they would arrest you.?with the uprising in full swing, ms. saleh described rushing to devastating scenes of destruction, dodging snipers and narrowly escaping bombs that killed many of her colleagues. continue reading the main story graphic amid airstrikes against isis, refugees flee syria a visual guide to the crisis in iraq and syria. open graphic ?i was going without cover, but the free army helped me to get to these areas,? she said, referring to the free syrian army, the pro-western rebel faction.her life in perpetual danger, she became frustrated by the portrayal of revolutionaries in the syrian state-run news media as sectarian terrorists.?all tv channels, they were talking about the war in syria between armies,? said ms. saleh, who said she and many activists expressed their dissent through peaceful means. ?we are not all of us free army.?her transition from medical work to journalism was for ideological reasons, as well as practical ones. she needed the money. so she took a job with orient tv, a syrian satellite channel that had been based in damascus but relocated to dubai, in the united arab emirates, after the conflict began, and started reporting from the field via skype.in january 2013, in an audacious move, ms. saleh began producing her own program, ?from the capital,? right under the noses of the secret police in damascus, as the program?s title suggested. the show brought together civilian activists for discussions on issues such as sectarian violence and the role of the arts in the uprising.she shot segments from secret locations in damascus, brazenly going through checkpoints and hiding her wig, scarf and other incriminating items in her handbag, which the police at that time were too polite to search. the 45-minute news talk show was the only one of its kind, before or since.in one episode, four activists can be seen sitting on a sofa in a nondescript apartment. while it was taped during the day, the lighting was kept low and the participants? faces were covered or blurred.?it was very high risk,? ms. saleh said of the chances her interview subjects took. ?they knew i cannot help them if anything happens. they knew we did it because we believed that it was good for our country.?eventually, she said, a friend cracked under torture and told the police where to find her. she was captured at a local cafe in cinematic fashion.?when we went out of the cafe there were many policemen with guns, with kalashnikovs,? she said. one of the officers grabbed her arm and told her, ?welcome, miss mary. i haven?t slept in 40 days while i am looking for you.??i told him i am not mary,? she said. ?i am maisa.?prison being almost a rite of passage among many in ms. saleh?s circle, she plays down her time in custody. she was beaten, but not badly, she said. for many others, prison has meant torture, even death.?i am not a story,? she said.the local news media do not agree, and she has been pressed for interviews since her release in october 2013 in a prisoner exchange involving lebanon, turkey, qatar and the palestinian authority.she repeatedly denied the news media requests. things, however, are changing, as both she and most of her immediate family are now out of syria. she is about to re-enter the spotlight, this time as herself, on a television show on orient tv about syrian female activists.?there are many stories i want people to know,? she said. a version of this article appears in print on october 4, 2014, on page a7 of the new york edition with the headline: a chronicler of syria?s conflict returns to the spotlight, minus a disguise. order reprints|today's paper|subscribe more on nytimes.com site index news world u.s. politics new york business technology science health sports education obituaries today's paper corrections opinion today's opinion op-ed columnists editorials contributing writers op-ed contributors opinionator letters sunday review taking note room for debate public editor video: opinion arts today's arts art &amp; design artsbeat books dance movies music n.y.c. events guide television theater video games video: arts living automobiles crosswords dining &amp; wine education fashion &amp; style health home &amp; garden jobs magazine n.y.c. events guide real estate t magazine travel weddings &amp; celebrations listings &amp; more classifieds tools &amp; services times topics public editor n.y.c. events guide tv listings blogs cartoons multimedia photography video nyt store times journeys subscribe manage my account subscribe subscribe times premier home delivery digital subscriptions nyt now nyt opinion email newsletters alerts crosswords gift subscriptions corporate subscriptions education rate mobile applications replica edition international new york times ? 2014 the new york times company home search contact us work with us advertise your ad choices privacy terms of service terms of sale site map help site feedback subscriptions", "bull": 0}, {"raw_text": "nytimes.com no longer supports internet explorer 8 or earlier. please upgrade your browser. learn more ? skip to content skip to navigation view mobile version europe|russia cancels exchange program after a student seeks u.s. asylum search sponsored by search nytimes.com http://nyti.ms/1edlkra loading... see next articles see previous articles home page home page world u.s. politics new york business business opinion opinion technology science health sports sports arts arts fashion &amp; style fashion &amp; style dining &amp; wine dining &amp; wine home &amp; garden travel magazine real estate video crosswords times premier the upshot more africa americas asia pacific europe middle east at war india ink sinosphere education first draft elections city room artsbeat events dealbook economy energy markets media small business your money dealbook economy energy markets media small business your money op-ed columnists editorials contributing writers op-ed contributors opinionator letters sunday review taking note room for debate public editor cartoons op-ed columnists editorials contributing writers op-ed contributors opinionator letters sunday review taking note room for debate public editor cartoons bits personal tech environment space &amp; cosmos well health guide fitness &amp; nutrition money &amp; policy the new old age views baseball basketball: college basketball: n.b.a. football: college football: n.f.l. golf hockey soccer tennis baseball basketball: college basketball: n.b.a. football: college football: n.f.l. golf hockey soccer tennis art &amp; design artsbeat books dance movies music n.y.c. events guide television theater video games art &amp; design artsbeat books dance movies music n.y.c. events guide television theater video games t magazine motherlode on the runway weddings t magazine motherlode on the runway weddings cooking restaurants cooking restaurants commercial real estate great homes &amp; destinations my real estate u.s. &amp; politics international new york opinion times documentaries business technology culture style health dining &amp; wine travel sports real estate science the upshot crosswords today's paper obituaries automobiles corrections multimedia photography classifieds tools &amp; services jobs times topics blogs nyt store times journeys subscribe manage account charles m. blow david brooks frank bruni roger cohen gail collins ross douthat maureen dowd thomas l. friedman nicholas kristof paul krugman joe nocera charles m. blow david brooks frank bruni roger cohen gail collins ross douthat maureen dowd thomas l. friedman nicholas kristof paul krugman joe nocera europe |??nyt now russia cancels exchange program after a student seeks u.s. asylum by neil macfarquhar and michael r. gordonoct. 4, 2014 inside continue reading the main story continue reading the main story continue reading the main story share this page continue reading the main story continue reading the main story moscow ? russia has pulled out of a longstanding american high-school exchange program after a teenage russian boy who befriended a gay couple sought asylum in the united states on the grounds that he faced persecution at home as a homosexual.russia officials accused the united states of endangering the welfare of a child, while american officials suggested that the kremlin was using the case as a pretext to further impair diplomatic relations.pavel a. astakhov, russia?s presidential ombudsman for children?s rights, called it ?an outrageous case? in announcing that russia would no longer allow several hundred high-school students to spend an academic year in united states under the annual future leaders exchange, or flex, program.jen psaki, the spokeswoman for the state department, which underwrote the program through a nongovernmental organization, expressed ?regret? over the decision.as details surrounding the case emerged all week, it generated indignation in russia, feeding the government line developed by president vladimir v. putin that the country remains the last pillar of moral values in the face of the increasingly decadent west.konstantin dolgov, the top foreign ministry official for human rights, issued a statement saying that russia did not oppose exchange programs, but he called it ?unacceptable? that the american legal system could allow an exception to the agreement reached with the state department that all russian children on the flex program return home.mr. dolgov said the idea that under-age children could ?choose on their own and without their parent?s permission the place to live or whether to be adopted? violated russian law. in terms of protecting children, the case also contradicted the ?moral and ethical principles of russian society,? he said.according to reports in the russian media, the boy, 16, was living with an american family in michigan when he met a gay couple, both military veterans, at church.an article by the state-run news agency tass quoted unidentified russian diplomats in washington as saying that the couple persuaded the boy that he should stay in the united states by promising to support him, including paying his tuition at harvard university.continue reading the main story the article said that the boy had decided to seek asylum on the grounds of his sexual orientation, and that the gay couple had guaranteed to a court that they would support him financially. the article suggested that the court made the couple his guardians, but left unclear with whom he was living.the russian diplomats said that they sought help from the police, but that the police declined to investigate.the tass article depicted the outcome as the work of a gay cabal, saying that when the bereft mother flew to the united states to plead with her son to return home, she was forced to hold the meeting in the presence of his two lawyers who were ?also of nontraditional sexual orientation.?susan reed, the supervising lawyer with the michigan immigrant rights center, who is representing the boy, declined to provide many details about the case, citing privacy concerns. but she said that the account in the tass article was ?a gross distortion of the facts and the legal process.?continue reading the main story continue reading the main story the lawyer said that the boy was 17, not 16, and that he ?was afraid to go home? and therefore had been put in federal custody through the department of health and human services office of refugee resettlement.the boy, ms. reed said, has been placed by the government into foster care. ?the sexual orientation of that foster family is irrelevant,? she said.ms. reed also noted that she was married to a man and was a practicing roman catholic with two children, in contrast to the description of the lawyers in the tass account.an american official, who was not authorized to comment on the case and so spoke on the condition of anonymity, confirmed that the boy had been on the flex program, then chose not to return home and sought asylum on the basis of his sexual orientation. but the official would not discuss the smaller details of the tass account.in russia, officials expressed exasperation that a child with a family at home would remain in the united states because of a legal proceeding.?a child with a mother in russia was illegally put up for adoption and the boy was handed over to a homosexual american couple,? mr. astakhov was quoted as saying by tass. ?the boy is healthy and comes from a good family, so it?s not clear under what arguments the united states is operating.?the issues of adoption and gay rights have both been sore points in relations between the united states and russia in recent years.russia banned all adoptions of russian children from the united states in 2012, and recently extended that policy to all countries that allow same-sex marriage. it also passed a law in 2013 making it illegal to promote a homosexual lifestyle to children, which western human rights groups said had been used to harass and physically abuse homosexuals.the american embassy in moscow announced the cancellation of russia?s participation in the 21-year-old flex program, which is run by the washington-based american councils for international education, quietly on tuesday, putting a statement by the ambassador, john f. tefft, on its website.?these young russians have served as cultural ambassadors, representing the best of russia, to millions of americans throughout all 50 states,? it said, calling the program the largest between the countries.although it was advertised as an exchange program, no americans come to russia. more than 8,000 russian high school students have been sent to the united states, and over all, 24,000 students from the former states of the soviet union have participated in the flex program.the statement did not mention the reason for the cancellation. the united states embassy would not comment further.with the annexation of crimea six months ago, mr. putin has sought to depict russia as a powerful world player that does not need ties with the west. the ukraine crisis strained relations with the united states, which are at their lowest point in decades.some diplomatic analysts suggested that russia was using the michigan case as part of that political agenda.?they have taken this one case and have used it to shut down a program that has historically been very successful,? said steven pifer, a senior fellow at the brookings institution and a former ambassador to ukraine. ?the big losers are going to be the russian kids who can?t come and spend a year in an american high school. there seems to be a trend to try to separate russia from the rest of the world.?there are currently 238 russian students in the united states, chosen from a pool of 14,000 applicants, but they will be the last group, the state department official said. successful applicants were chosen on the basis of numerous criteria, including their academic success, ability to live with others and english skills.high-profile alumni of the program include margarita s. simonyan, editor in chief of the english-language satellite network rt and the state-owned news agency rossiya segodnya, both of which promote the kremlin viewpoint internationally.younger students who aspired to join the program and some veterans have begun organizing an online petition asking russia to resume its participation. neil macfarquhar reported from moscow, and michael r. gordon from washington. alexandra odynova contributed reporting from moscow. a version of this article appears in print on october 5, 2014, on page a18 of the new york edition with the headline: russia cancels exchange program after a student seeks u.s. asylum. order reprints|today's paper|subscribe more on nytimes.com site index news world u.s. politics new york business technology science health sports education obituaries today's paper corrections opinion today's opinion op-ed columnists editorials contributing writers op-ed contributors opinionator letters sunday review taking note room for debate public editor video: opinion arts today's arts art &amp; design artsbeat books dance movies music n.y.c. events guide television theater video games video: arts living automobiles crosswords dining &amp; wine education fashion &amp; style health home &amp; garden jobs magazine n.y.c. events guide real estate t magazine travel weddings &amp; celebrations listings &amp; more classifieds tools &amp; services times topics public editor n.y.c. events guide tv listings blogs cartoons multimedia photography video nyt store times journeys subscribe manage my account subscribe subscribe times premier home delivery digital subscriptions nyt now nyt opinion email newsletters alerts crosswords gift subscriptions corporate subscriptions education rate mobile applications replica edition international new york times ? 2014 the new york times company home search contact us work with us advertise your ad choices privacy terms of service terms of sale site map help site feedback subscriptions", "bull": 0}, {"raw_text": "search sign in to comment!login fox news home watch live trending video politics politics home midterm elections executive senate house of representatives defense judiciary scandals congress to-do list u.s. u.s. home crime terrorism economy immigration disasters military education environment personal freedoms regions opinion opinion home todd starnes judith miller juan williams kt mcfarland dr. keith ablow karl rove ric grenell entertainment [fox411] home celebrity news movies tv music style [fox411] video tech tech home gadgets google social military tech smartphones video games slideshows science science home archaeology air &amp; space planet earth wild nature natural science dinosaurs slideshows health health home men's health women's health children's health alternative medicine diabetes heart health allergies nutrition &amp; fitness travel travel home slideshows in 5 guides lifestyle lifestyle home auto food &amp; drink real estate recipes wine with me world world home u.n. conflicts terrorism disasters global economy environment religion scandals regions sports sports home football basketball hockey baseball college sports tennis nascar golf more sports stats on air on air home a healthy you &amp; carol alt america's news hq america's newsroom cavuto fox files fox &amp; friends first fox &amp; friends fox &amp; friends weekend fox news sunday geraldo at large greta hannity happening now huckabee justice with judge jeanine #mediabuzz outnumbered red eye w/ gutfeld shepard smith reporting special report specials sunday morning futures with maria bartiromo the cost of freedom the five the journal editorial report the kelly file the o'reilly factor the real story w/ gretchen carlson war stories more from fox news fox news fox business fox news latino fox news go fox news radio fox nation fox news insider fox news fox business fox news latino fox news go fox news radio fox nation fox news insider menu home foxnews.com search u.s. home crime terrorism economy immigration disasters military education environment personal freedoms regions education denver school board refuses to drop curriculum review that promotes patriotism published october 03, 2014associated press facebook3224 twitter484 email print sept. 23, 2014: protesting pamona high school students, left to right, ciana vrtikapa, tori suyak, and becca ferris engage with passing motorists in a busy intersection near their school, during a multi-school protest against a jefferson county school board proposal to emphasize patriotism and downplay civil unrest in the teaching of u.s. history, in arvada, colo. (ap) golden, colo. ? ?students and parents say they will renew protests friday after a suburban denver school board refused to back off a proposed review of a u.s. history course with a goal of promoting patriotism and downplaying disorder. students and others packed the board's hearing room thursday night and also watched the meeting on a big screen outside in the parking lot with popcorn. the students turned in two cardboard boxes of an online petition they said was signed by over 40,000 people across the u.s.advertisementadvertisement students across a majority of the 17 high schools in colorado's second-largest school district have left classes in droves over the past few weeks in protest. some students, parents and residents have accused the conservative-led board of trying to influence children with their political views. a parent, robert gleason, after pointing at the colorado flag in the front of the room, told the board he didn't want the school district to follow in the path of texas, where the state school board has told teachers to stick to state history standards, not the new national advanced placement course framework that some critics view as anti-american. some in the audience yelled \"resign\" and \"recall, recall\" as the board voted 3-2 to expand the membership on two existing curriculum review committees to include students, parents and administrators. the two women on the board who oppose the conservative majority held their heads in their hands after losing a bid to delay the vote so they could have more time to study the plan. \"what's the rush?\" board member lesley dahlkemper asked. her repeated challenges to board president ken witt that drew applause from the crowd. it's not immediately clear whether the expanded committees will review the history course. witt said he expected that committees would be asked to review the ap history course. board member julie williams refused a call to withdraw her original proposal which angered students and teachers by proposing that the course be reviewed with an eye toward promoting patriotism and citizenship and downplaying civil disorder throughout american history, saying she wanted to keep all options open. some parents took issue with the board calling students who have walked out of class to protest \"pawns.\" \"this is america. stop calling us names when we exercise our rights,\" said lisa cooke, a mother of two students. one man donated a copy of george orwell's \"1984\" to the board. one of the outnumbered supporters of the conservative members held up a copy of the state constitution, pointing out that it gives local school boards the power to make decisions about curriculum. witt, williams and john newkirk listened calmly to the mounting criticism. the protests began after the school board first proposed the u.s. history review. teachers, who are also upset about a new merit pay plan, staged a sickout that closed two schools and then students began walking out of class in protests. sarina phu, 17, one of several students who spoke to about 300 opponents of the school board from the back of a pickup truck in the building's parking lot, said some of the nation's greatest achievements, including civil rights and equality for women, were achieved through protests and social unrest. phu, the daughter of vietnamese immigrants, praised the u.s. for being a nation where people from all backgrounds can thrive, but she said students need to learn about the negative sides of its story, including the mistreatment of native americans and the internment of japanese-americans during world war ii. \"would you like to sweep us under the rug, too, just like our histories?\" she asked. advertisement us video school bans girls from wearing yoga pants and leggings (video - us) inside oklahoma beheading suspect's mosque (video - us) university of new mexico launches 'sex week' (video - us) high school bans girls from wearing leggings (video - us) school bans girls from wearing yoga pants and leggings (video - us) inside oklahoma beheading suspect's mosque (video - us) university of new mexico launches 'sex week' (video - us) high school bans girls from wearing leggings (video - us) recommended by fox business more flag from 9/11 is lost in flight 93 memorial fire one town has its hand in 1000s of pumpkin pies suffolk downs marks its final day of live races trending in u.s. 1 sick passenger removed from united flight by medical personnel in hazmat suits 2 cop-killer manhunt hopes to starve suspect out into the open 3 decision to let cop killer abu-jamal give commencement speech 'despicable,' widow says 4 louisiana teachers accused of group sex with student freed on bail 5 'he gave me a big hug,' fearful daughter of dallas ebola patient's girlfriend says see all trends advertisement ? bank rates mortgage home equity autos cd rates loan type graph rate +/- last week 30 y fixed 4.09% 4.14% ? 15 y fixed 3.20% 3.24% ? 30 y fixed jumbo 4.55% 4.56% ? 5/1 arm 3.40% 3.50% ? 5/1 jumbo arm 3.45% 3.46% ? find personalized rates loan type graph rate +/- last week $30k heloc 4.30% 4.29% ? $50k heloc 4.06% 4.04% ? $30k loan 5.09% 5.10% ? $50k loan 4.50% 4.53% ? $75k loan 4.52% 4.53% ? find personalized rates loan type graph rate +/- last week 36 m new 2.94% 2.93% ? 36 m used 3.44% 3.43% ? 48 m new 3.23% 3.22% ? 48 m used 3.01% 2.99% ? 60 m new 3.25% 3.24% ? find personalized rates loan type graph yield +/- last week 6 month 0.38% -- 0.38% ? 1 yr 0.70% -- 0.70% ? 5 yr 1.50% 1.47% ? compare rates 1-year cd 1-year cd 6-month cd 3-month cd 5-year cd 1-year jumbo cd money market account jumbo mma sponsored stories you may like under 30 &amp; underemployed? here's your answer kickstarter jennifer lawrence in all blue body paint (picture) zimbio think you know the bible? take this quiz to find out aarp a bad boy puppy with a heart of gold purinaone under 30 &amp; underemployed? here's your answer kickstarter jennifer lawrence in all blue body paint (picture) zimbio think you know the bible? take this quiz to find out aarp a bad boy puppy with a heart of gold purinaone recommended by america's election hq see the latest updates on the hottest midterm races from fox news full elections coverage ? also on the web secrets of a chinese router factory (re/code) debilitated by ms, jodi could barely walk (health central) the biggest subject we should be teaching kids, but aren?t (general assembly) where this comedian's daughter got her good looks (nick mom) the pentecostal serpent (the bitter southerner) inside the shark tank: this mom from texas out-sharked the investors (bigcommerce) more from fox news 2 teachers accused of having group sex with student at apartment in louisiana (u.s.) 'real housewives' stars teresa and joe giudice heading to prison (entertainment) ohio women sue over receiving sperm from black donor (health) 7 ways to keep your summer body in the fall (health) missouri judge orders state to recognize same-sex marriages legally performed in other states (u.s.) iran postpones execution of woman accused of killing attempted rapist (world) recommended by watch now... bachmann: obama could be laying the groundwork for a wwiii (video - politics) jon stewart thrown for a loss (video - entertainment) sister of okla. beheading suspect speaks out (video - us) bachmann: obama could be laying the groundwork for a wwiii (video - politics) jon stewart thrown for a loss (video - entertainment) sister of okla. beheading suspect speaks out (video - us) site index sections home video politics u.s. opinion entertainment tech science health travel lifestyle world sports weather on air tools live video trending ureport newsletters alerts blogs mobile podcasts radio fox news store apps &amp; downloads about careers college students fox around the world advertise with us terms of use privacy policy ad choices contact us email newsroom faq media relations follow facebook twitter google+ linkedin rss newsletters fox news back to top this material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. ?2014 fox news network, llc. all rights reserved. all market data delayed 20 minutes. privacy - terms - faq &lt;img src=\"http://metrics.foxnews.com/b/ss/foxnews/1/h22.1--ns/1412461984044?pagename=noscript:us:subsection:article&amp;g=http://www.foxnews.com/us/2014/10/03/denver-school-board-oks-controversial-curriculum-review-that-promotes/\" style=\"display:none;\" width=\"0\" height=\"0\" border=\"0\" alt=\"\"&gt; &lt;img src=\"//secure-us.imrworldwide.com/cgi-bin/m?ci=us-801796h&amp;amp;cg=0&amp;amp;cc=1&amp;amp;si=http://www.foxnews.com/us/2014/10/03/denver-school-board-oks-controversial-curriculum-review-that-promotes/&amp;amp;ts=noscript&amp;amp;rnd=1412461984044\" style=\"display:none;\" width=\"0\" height=\"0\" border=\"0\" alt=\"\"&gt; &lt;img src=\"http://b.scorecardresearch.com/p?c1=2&amp;c2=9013181&amp;c3=&amp;c4=http://www.foxnews.com/us/2014/10/03/denver-school-board-oks-controversial-curriculum-review-that-promotes/&amp;c5=&amp;c6=&amp;c15=&amp;cv=2.2&amp;cj=1\" style=\"display:none;\" width=\"0\" height=\"0\" border=\"0\" alt=\"\"&gt; resend email verification to sign in you must verify your email address. fill out the form below and we'll send you an email to verify. {* #resendverificationform *} {* resendverification_emailaddress *} {* newpasswordformbutton *} {* /resendverificationform *} please change your display name. your display name is unavailable. {* #postloginform1 *} {*postlogin_displayname *} {* postlogin_acceptbutton *} {* /postloginform1 *} your verification email has been sent check your email for a link to reset your password. sign in account deletion are you sure you want to permanently delete your fox news digital account? you will lose your activity history and email preferences. {* confirmdeactivateform *} {* confirmdeactivatebutton *} {* /confirmdeactivateform *} you did it! your password has been successfully changed. close change your password {* newpasswordform *} {* oldpassword *} {* newpassword *} {* newpasswordconfirm *} i forgot my password {* newpasswordformbutton *} {* /newpasswordform *} member profile don't have an account? create one now {* profilephotocustom *} {* public_displayname *} {* member_since *} {* public_city *} {* public_state *} {* public_country *} {* public_birthdate *} {* public_gender *} {* slider_public *} user stats comments ureports likes shares {* public_shares *} sign in with your existing account ??facebook ??google+ ??twitter ??yahoo ??linkedin ??aol with a fox news account sign up ? {* #userinformationform *} {* traditionalsignin_emailaddress *} {* traditionalsignin_password *} i forgot my password {* traditionalsignin_signinbutton *} {* /userinformationform *} find answers to your questions about the fox news community in our faqs. sign in welcome back, {* welcomename *} (not you?) sign in with your account use another account ? ??{* returnprovider *} privacy policy sign in welcome back, (not you?) sign in with your account use another account ? {* #userinformationform *} {* traditionalsignin_emailaddress *} {* traditionalsignin_password *} {* traditionalsignin_signinbutton *} {* /userinformationform *} privacy policy you're almost done! complete the following form to submit your registration. {* #socialregistrationform *} {* socialregistration_firstname *} {* socialregistration_lastname *} {* socialregistration_displayname *} {* socialregistration_emailaddress *} {* registration_birthday *} terms of service {* agreetoterms *} {* socialregistration_button *} {* /socialregistrationform *} create a fox news account already have an account? sign in ? {* #registrationform *} {* traditionalregistration_firstname *} {* traditionalregistration_lastname *} {* traditionalregistration_displayname *} {* traditionalregistration_emailaddress *} {* traditionalregistration_password *} {* traditionalregistration_passwordconfirm *} {* registration_birthday *} subscribe to fox news email newsletters optional fox news morning headlines fox news top headlines fox business breaking alerts fox news breaking alerts security check {* captcha *} {* agreetoterms *} {* createaccountbutton *} {* /registrationform *} thank you for registering! once you confirm your email address you will be able to access commenting and exclusive content on all the fox news digital websites! verify your email we just sent an email to your account to verify your email address. check your inbox and click on the link to confirm your account. close forgot my password enter your current email address, and we'll send you instructions to create a new password. {* #forgotpasswordform *} {* forgotpassword_emailaddress *} {* forgotpassword_sendbutton *} {* /forgotpasswordform *} forgot my password success! you should receive an email shortly with instructions to change your password. close {* mergeaccounts {\"custom\": true} *} create a fox news account it looks like you've been here before. we already have an account for: {| current_emailaddress |} connect this session with your existing account forgot password? not you? continue creating a new account sign in to complete account merge {* #tradauthenticatemergeform *} {* traditionalsignin_emailaddress *} {* traditionalsignin_password *} {* traditionalsignin_signinbutton *} forgot password? {* /tradauthenticatemergeform *} facebooktwitterlinkedinemailsocial sharing by janrainshare on your timelineshared on your timelinethanks for sharing with your friends on facebook. share with your other networks too!start overx+4editdoneor browse friendsand 0 morex+it appears the url has been modified. restore?0editdonex+it appears the url has been modified. restore?0editdonehttp://www.foxnews.com/us/2014/10/03/denver-school-board-oks-controversial-curriculum-review-that-promotes/undefinedconnecting to facebook failed. %tag%view error%gat%shareconnecttweet to your followersprefer a direct message? choose followersshared to twitterdirect message your followersyou can also tweet to all your followerssent to your followersthanks for sharing with your followers on twitter. share with your other networks too!start overselect your followersx+11editdoneclosedoneselected followersx+11editdoneclosedonex+4editdoneor browse followersand 0 morex+it appears the url has been modified. restore?140editdonex+url will be shortened116editdonehttp://www.foxnews.com/us/2014/10/03/denver-school-board-oks-controversial-curriculum-review-that-promotes/undefinedconnecting to twitter failed. %tag%view error%gat%shareconnectshare with your connectionsprefer sending a message? choose connectionsshared to linkedinmessage to your connectionsyou can also share with all connectionssent to your connectionsthanks for sharing with your connections on linkedin. share with your other networks too!start overselect your connectionsx+11editdoneclosedoneselected connectionsx+11editdoneclosedonex+4editdoneor browse connectionsand 0 morex+it appears the url has been modified. restore?0editdonex+it appears the url has been modified. restore?0editdonehttp://www.foxnews.com/us/2014/10/03/denver-school-board-oks-controversial-curriculum-review-that-promotes/undefinedsign in to your email providerconnecting to linkedin failed. %tag%view error%gat%shareconnectshare with your friends by emailemail sentthanks for sharing with your contacts via email. share with your other networks too!start overselect your contactsx+11editdoneclosedoneselected contactsx+11editdoneclosedonex+30editdoneor browse contactsand 0 morex+it appears the url has been modified. restore?0editdonex+-107editdonehttp://www.foxnews.com/us/2014/10/03/denver-school-board-oks-controversial-curriculum-review-that-promotes/undefinedsign in to your email providerconnecting to email failed. %tag%view error%gat%connectconnectgoogleyahoo", "bull": 1}, {"raw_text": "search sign in to comment!login fox news home watch live trending video politics politics home midterm elections executive senate house of representatives defense judiciary scandals congress to-do list u.s. u.s. home crime terrorism economy immigration disasters military education environment personal freedoms regions opinion opinion home todd starnes judith miller juan williams kt mcfarland dr. keith ablow karl rove ric grenell entertainment [fox411] home celebrity news movies tv music style [fox411] video tech tech home gadgets google social military tech smartphones video games slideshows science science home archaeology air &amp; space planet earth wild nature natural science dinosaurs slideshows health health home men's health women's health children's health alternative medicine diabetes heart health allergies nutrition &amp; fitness travel travel home slideshows in 5 guides lifestyle lifestyle home auto food &amp; drink real estate recipes wine with me world world home u.n. conflicts terrorism disasters global economy environment religion scandals regions sports sports home football basketball hockey baseball college sports tennis nascar golf more sports stats on air on air home a healthy you &amp; carol alt america's news hq america's newsroom cavuto fox files fox &amp; friends first fox &amp; friends fox &amp; friends weekend fox news sunday geraldo at large greta hannity happening now huckabee justice with judge jeanine #mediabuzz outnumbered red eye w/ gutfeld shepard smith reporting special report specials sunday morning futures with maria bartiromo the cost of freedom the five the journal editorial report the kelly file the o'reilly factor the real story w/ gretchen carlson war stories more from fox news fox news fox business fox news latino fox news go fox news radio fox nation fox news insider fox news fox business fox news latino fox news go fox news radio fox nation fox news insider menu home foxnews.com search u.s. home crime terrorism economy immigration disasters military education environment personal freedoms regions crime &amp; courts louisiana teachers accused of group sex with student freed on bail published october 03, 2014associated press facebook545 twitter450 email print shelley dufresne, left, 32, and rachel respess, 24, were arrested after allegedly having a threesome with a student. destrehan, la. ? ?two teachers are accused of having group sex with a student in louisiana after school officials told authorities the 16-year-old was bragging to his peers. police say 32-year-old shelley dufresne and 24-year-old rachel respess had sex with the teenager at respess' apartment in kenner, outside new orleans. they teach at nearby destrehan high school.advertisementadvertisement nola.com/the times-picayune reports that each has posted bond and left jail as of thursday. dufresne also is accused of having sex with the teenager at her home in montz. both women face charges of carnal knowledge of a juvenile, indecent behavior with a juvenile and contributing to the delinquency of a juvenile. authorities say they were tipped last week when school officials told them one student was bragging to others about a sexual relationship with teachers. advertisement us video school bans girls from wearing yoga pants and leggings (video - us) high school bans girls from wearing leggings (video - us) white women sue for being given sperm from black donor (video - us) orthodox jews delay flight after refusing to sit near women (video - us) school bans girls from wearing yoga pants and leggings (video - us) high school bans girls from wearing leggings (video - us) white women sue for being given sperm from black donor (video - us) orthodox jews delay flight after refusing to sit near women (video - us) recommended by fox business more flag from 9/11 is lost in flight 93 memorial fire one town has its hand in 1000s of pumpkin pies suffolk downs marks its final day of live races trending in u.s. 1 sick passenger removed from united flight by medical personnel in hazmat suits 2 cop-killer manhunt hopes to starve suspect out into the open 3 decision to let cop killer abu-jamal give commencement speech 'despicable,' widow says 4 'he gave me a big hug,' fearful daughter of dallas ebola patient's girlfriend says 5 louisiana teachers accused of group sex with student freed on bail see all trends advertisement ? bank rates mortgage home equity autos cd rates loan type graph rate +/- last week 30 y fixed 4.09% 4.14% ? 15 y fixed 3.20% 3.24% ? 30 y fixed jumbo 4.55% 4.56% ? 5/1 arm 3.40% 3.50% ? 5/1 jumbo arm 3.45% 3.46% ? find personalized rates loan type graph rate +/- last week $30k heloc 4.30% 4.29% ? $50k heloc 4.06% 4.04% ? $30k loan 5.09% 5.10% ? $50k loan 4.50% 4.53% ? $75k loan 4.52% 4.53% ? find personalized rates loan type graph rate +/- last week 36 m new 2.94% 2.93% ? 36 m used 3.44% 3.43% ? 48 m new 3.23% 3.22% ? 48 m used 3.01% 2.99% ? 60 m new 3.25% 3.24% ? find personalized rates loan type graph yield +/- last week 6 month 0.38% -- 0.38% ? 1 yr 0.70% -- 0.70% ? 5 yr 1.50% 1.47% ? compare rates 1-year cd 1-year cd 6-month cd 3-month cd 5-year cd 1-year jumbo cd money market account jumbo mma sponsored stories you may like bonnie and clyde: surprising facts you don't know ancestry.com celebrity photos that nearly broke instagram pressroomvip the used-car bubble has burst fortune mom killed by foster daughter who was having affair with her husband stirring daily bonnie and clyde: surprising facts you don't know ancestry.com celebrity photos that nearly broke instagram pressroomvip the used-car bubble has burst fortune mom killed by foster daughter who was having affair with her husband stirring daily recommended by america's election hq see the latest updates on the hottest midterm races from fox news full elections coverage ? site index sections home video politics u.s. opinion entertainment tech science health travel lifestyle world sports weather on air tools live video trending ureport newsletters alerts blogs mobile podcasts radio fox news store apps &amp; downloads about careers college students fox around the world advertise with us terms of use privacy policy ad choices contact us email newsroom faq media relations follow facebook twitter google+ linkedin rss newsletters fox news back to top this material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. ?2014 fox news network, llc. all rights reserved. all market data delayed 20 minutes. privacy - terms - faq &lt;img src=\"http://metrics.foxnews.com/b/ss/foxnews/1/h22.1--ns/1412461841551?pagename=noscript:us:subsection:article&amp;g=http://www.foxnews.com/us/2014/10/03/louisiana-teachers-accused-group-sex-with-student-freed-on-bail/\" style=\"display:none;\" width=\"0\" height=\"0\" border=\"0\" alt=\"\"&gt; &lt;img src=\"//secure-us.imrworldwide.com/cgi-bin/m?ci=us-801796h&amp;amp;cg=0&amp;amp;cc=1&amp;amp;si=http://www.foxnews.com/us/2014/10/03/louisiana-teachers-accused-group-sex-with-student-freed-on-bail/&amp;amp;ts=noscript&amp;amp;rnd=1412461841551\" style=\"display:none;\" width=\"0\" height=\"0\" border=\"0\" alt=\"\"&gt; &lt;img src=\"http://b.scorecardresearch.com/p?c1=2&amp;c2=9013181&amp;c3=&amp;c4=http://www.foxnews.com/us/2014/10/03/louisiana-teachers-accused-group-sex-with-student-freed-on-bail/&amp;c5=&amp;c6=&amp;c15=&amp;cv=2.2&amp;cj=1\" style=\"display:none;\" width=\"0\" height=\"0\" border=\"0\" alt=\"\"&gt; resend email verification to sign in you must verify your email address. fill out the form below and we'll send you an email to verify. {* #resendverificationform *} {* resendverification_emailaddress *} {* newpasswordformbutton *} {* /resendverificationform *} please change your display name. your display name is unavailable. {* #postloginform1 *} {*postlogin_displayname *} {* postlogin_acceptbutton *} {* /postloginform1 *} your verification email has been sent check your email for a link to reset your password. sign in account deletion are you sure you want to permanently delete your fox news digital account? you will lose your activity history and email preferences. {* confirmdeactivateform *} {* confirmdeactivatebutton *} {* /confirmdeactivateform *} you did it! your password has been successfully changed. close change your password {* newpasswordform *} {* oldpassword *} {* newpassword *} {* newpasswordconfirm *} i forgot my password {* newpasswordformbutton *} {* /newpasswordform *} member profile don't have an account? create one now {* profilephotocustom *} {* public_displayname *} {* member_since *} {* public_city *} {* public_state *} {* public_country *} {* public_birthdate *} {* public_gender *} {* slider_public *} user stats comments ureports likes shares {* public_shares *} sign in with your existing account ??facebook ??google+ ??twitter ??yahoo ??linkedin ??aol with a fox news account sign up ? {* #userinformationform *} {* traditionalsignin_emailaddress *} {* traditionalsignin_password *} i forgot my password {* traditionalsignin_signinbutton *} {* /userinformationform *} find answers to your questions about the fox news community in our faqs. sign in welcome back, {* welcomename *} (not you?) sign in with your account use another account ? ??{* returnprovider *} privacy policy sign in welcome back, (not you?) sign in with your account use another account ? {* #userinformationform *} {* traditionalsignin_emailaddress *} {* traditionalsignin_password *} {* traditionalsignin_signinbutton *} {* /userinformationform *} privacy policy you're almost done! complete the following form to submit your registration. {* #socialregistrationform *} {* socialregistration_firstname *} {* socialregistration_lastname *} {* socialregistration_displayname *} {* socialregistration_emailaddress *} {* registration_birthday *} terms of service {* agreetoterms *} {* socialregistration_button *} {* /socialregistrationform *} create a fox news account already have an account? sign in ? {* #registrationform *} {* traditionalregistration_firstname *} {* traditionalregistration_lastname *} {* traditionalregistration_displayname *} {* traditionalregistration_emailaddress *} {* traditionalregistration_password *} {* traditionalregistration_passwordconfirm *} {* registration_birthday *} subscribe to fox news email newsletters optional fox news morning headlines fox news top headlines fox business breaking alerts fox news breaking alerts security check {* captcha *} {* agreetoterms *} {* createaccountbutton *} {* /registrationform *} thank you for registering! once you confirm your email address you will be able to access commenting and exclusive content on all the fox news digital websites! verify your email we just sent an email to your account to verify your email address. check your inbox and click on the link to confirm your account. close forgot my password enter your current email address, and we'll send you instructions to create a new password. {* #forgotpasswordform *} {* forgotpassword_emailaddress *} {* forgotpassword_sendbutton *} {* /forgotpasswordform *} forgot my password success! you should receive an email shortly with instructions to change your password. close {* mergeaccounts {\"custom\": true} *} create a fox news account it looks like you've been here before. we already have an account for: {| current_emailaddress |} connect this session with your existing account forgot password? not you? continue creating a new account sign in to complete account merge {* #tradauthenticatemergeform *} {* traditionalsignin_emailaddress *} {* traditionalsignin_password *} {* traditionalsignin_signinbutton *} forgot password? {* /tradauthenticatemergeform *} facebooktwitterlinkedinemailsocial sharing by janrainshare on your timelineshared on your timelinethanks for sharing with your friends on facebook. share with your other networks too!start overx+4editdoneor browse friendsand 0 morex+it appears the url has been modified. restore?0editdonex+it appears the url has been modified. restore?0editdonehttp://www.foxnews.com/us/2014/10/03/louisiana-teachers-accused-group-sex-with-student-freed-on-bail/undefinedconnecting to facebook failed. %tag%view error%gat%shareconnecttweet to your followersprefer a direct message? choose followersshared to twitterdirect message your followersyou can also tweet to all your followerssent to your followersthanks for sharing with your followers on twitter. share with your other networks too!start overselect your followersx+11editdoneclosedoneselected followersx+11editdoneclosedonex+4editdoneor browse followersand 0 morex+it appears the url has been modified. restore?140editdonex+url will be shortened116editdonehttp://www.foxnews.com/us/2014/10/03/louisiana-teachers-accused-group-sex-with-student-freed-on-bail/undefinedconnecting to twitter failed. %tag%view error%gat%shareconnectshare with your connectionsprefer sending a message? choose connectionsshared to linkedinmessage to your connectionsyou can also share with all connectionssent to your connectionsthanks for sharing with your connections on linkedin. share with your other networks too!start overselect your connectionsx+11editdoneclosedoneselected connectionsx+11editdoneclosedonex+4editdoneor browse connectionsand 0 morex+it appears the url has been modified. restore?0editdonex+it appears the url has been modified. restore?0editdonehttp://www.foxnews.com/us/2014/10/03/louisiana-teachers-accused-group-sex-with-student-freed-on-bail/undefinedsign in to your email providerconnecting to linkedin failed. %tag%view error%gat%shareconnectshare with your friends by emailemail sentthanks for sharing with your contacts via email. share with your other networks too!start overselect your contactsx+11editdoneclosedoneselected contactsx+11editdoneclosedonex+30editdoneor browse contactsand 0 morex+it appears the url has been modified. restore?0editdonex+-101editdonehttp://www.foxnews.com/us/2014/10/03/louisiana-teachers-accused-group-sex-with-student-freed-on-bail/undefinedsign in to your email providerconnecting to email failed. %tag%view error%gat%connectconnectgoogleyahoo", "bull": 1}, {"raw_text": "search sign in to comment!login fox news home watch live trending video politics politics home midterm elections executive senate house of representatives defense judiciary scandals congress to-do list u.s. u.s. home crime terrorism economy immigration disasters military education environment personal freedoms regions opinion opinion home todd starnes judith miller juan williams kt mcfarland dr. keith ablow karl rove ric grenell entertainment [fox411] home celebrity news movies tv music style [fox411] video tech tech home gadgets google social military tech smartphones video games slideshows science science home archaeology air &amp; space planet earth wild nature natural science dinosaurs slideshows health health home men's health women's health children's health alternative medicine diabetes heart health allergies nutrition &amp; fitness travel travel home slideshows in 5 guides lifestyle lifestyle home auto food &amp; drink real estate recipes wine with me world world home u.n. conflicts terrorism disasters global economy environment religion scandals regions sports sports home football basketball hockey baseball college sports tennis nascar golf more sports stats on air on air home a healthy you &amp; carol alt america's news hq america's newsroom cavuto fox files fox &amp; friends first fox &amp; friends fox &amp; friends weekend fox news sunday geraldo at large greta hannity happening now huckabee justice with judge jeanine #mediabuzz outnumbered red eye w/ gutfeld shepard smith reporting special report specials sunday morning futures with maria bartiromo the cost of freedom the five the journal editorial report the kelly file the o'reilly factor the real story w/ gretchen carlson war stories more from fox news fox news fox business fox news latino fox news go fox news radio fox nation fox news insider fox news fox business fox news latino fox news go fox news radio fox nation fox news insider menu home foxnews.com search u.s. home crime terrorism economy immigration disasters military education environment personal freedoms regions immigration border agent seen punching teen went unpunished published october 03, 2014associated press facebook0 twitter0 email print tucson, ariz. ? ?for nearly eight months after federal investigators saw videos of a u.s. border patrol agent punching a teenager in the stomach, the agent continued to work and went unpunished. the agent, aldo arteaga, a nearly 10-year veteran, is now facing an assault charge in santa cruz county.advertisementadvertisement arteaga was charged last week with felony aggravated assault, which applies in arizona when an adult is accused of assault on a minor under age 15. but the charge was reduced to a misdemeanor thursday because the teen arteaga is seen punching was 15 years old during the jan. 30 incident. the boy was deported to mexico that same day. documents released thursday reveal that a senior special agent from the office of professional responsibility, which investigates allegations of misconduct, saw the videos and noted that arteaga had punched the boy. the videos, which were shown to the associated press, show an agent identified as arteaga punching the teen in the stomach after apparently catching him using a cellphone, which detainees are not allowed to have. the black-and-white videos do not have audio. they show the teenager hunched down with what appears to be a cellphone in his hand. moments later, the agent enters the cell, takes the phone and punches the boy in the stomach, knocking him over. the boy lies in a fetal position until another agent walks in, kicks his foot and escorts him out. the investigator notified the u.s. attorney's office, and a prosecutor watched the videos feb. 12. a month later, federal prosecutors declined to take on the case. the prosecutor, whose name is redacted in the report, said that the assault \"did not appear egregious enough to warrant prosecution.\" the case was then turned over from the office of professional responsibility to internal affairs at customs and border protection. cbp in late september gave its investigation to the santa cruz county attorney's office, which filed the charge against arteaga. he was issued a summons and turned himself in but was released on his own recognizance after being booked. arteaga was placed on administrative leave. the agent's attorney has declined to comment but said in court documents that arteaga's actions \"were necessary and proper to perform his duties.\" a cbp spokesman did not return calls seeking comment late thursday. advertisement fox business more flag from 9/11 is lost in flight 93 memorial fire one town has its hand in 1000s of pumpkin pies suffolk downs marks its final day of live races trending in u.s. 1 sick passenger removed from united flight by medical personnel in hazmat suits 2 cop-killer manhunt hopes to starve suspect out into the open 3 decision to let cop killer abu-jamal give commencement speech 'despicable,' widow says 4 'he gave me a big hug,' fearful daughter of dallas ebola patient's girlfriend says 5 louisiana teachers accused of group sex with student freed on bail see all trends advertisement ? bank rates mortgage home equity autos cd rates loan type graph rate +/- last week 30 y fixed 4.09% 4.14% ? 15 y fixed 3.20% 3.24% ? 30 y fixed jumbo 4.55% 4.56% ? 5/1 arm 3.40% 3.50% ? 5/1 jumbo arm 3.45% 3.46% ? find personalized rates loan type graph rate +/- last week $30k heloc 4.30% 4.29% ? $50k heloc 4.06% 4.04% ? $30k loan 5.09% 5.10% ? $50k loan 4.50% 4.53% ? $75k loan 4.52% 4.53% ? find personalized rates loan type graph rate +/- last week 36 m new 2.94% 2.93% ? 36 m used 3.44% 3.43% ? 48 m new 3.23% 3.22% ? 48 m used 3.01% 2.99% ? 60 m new 3.25% 3.24% ? find personalized rates loan type graph yield +/- last week 6 month 0.38% -- 0.38% ? 1 yr 0.70% -- 0.70% ? 5 yr 1.50% 1.47% ? compare rates 1-year cd 1-year cd 6-month cd 3-month cd 5-year cd 1-year jumbo cd money market account jumbo mma america's election hq see the latest updates on the hottest midterm races from fox news full elections coverage ? site index sections home video politics u.s. opinion entertainment tech science health travel lifestyle world sports weather on air tools live video trending ureport newsletters alerts blogs mobile podcasts radio fox news store apps &amp; downloads about careers college students fox around the world advertise with us terms of use privacy policy ad choices contact us email newsroom faq media relations follow facebook twitter google+ linkedin rss newsletters fox news back to top this material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. ?2014 fox news network, llc. all rights reserved. all market data delayed 20 minutes. privacy - terms - faq &lt;img src=\"http://metrics.foxnews.com/b/ss/foxnews/1/h22.1--ns/1412461819919?pagename=noscript:us:subsection:article&amp;g=http://www.foxnews.com/us/2014/10/03/border-agent-seen-punching-teen-went-unpunished/\" style=\"display:none;\" width=\"0\" height=\"0\" border=\"0\" alt=\"\"&gt; &lt;img src=\"//secure-us.imrworldwide.com/cgi-bin/m?ci=us-801796h&amp;amp;cg=0&amp;amp;cc=1&amp;amp;si=http://www.foxnews.com/us/2014/10/03/border-agent-seen-punching-teen-went-unpunished/&amp;amp;ts=noscript&amp;amp;rnd=1412461819919\" style=\"display:none;\" width=\"0\" height=\"0\" border=\"0\" alt=\"\"&gt; &lt;img src=\"http://b.scorecardresearch.com/p?c1=2&amp;c2=9013181&amp;c3=&amp;c4=http://www.foxnews.com/us/2014/10/03/border-agent-seen-punching-teen-went-unpunished/&amp;c5=&amp;c6=&amp;c15=&amp;cv=2.2&amp;cj=1\" style=\"display:none;\" width=\"0\" height=\"0\" border=\"0\" alt=\"\"&gt;", "bull": 1}, {"raw_text": "search sign in to comment!login fox news home watch live trending video politics politics home midterm elections executive senate house of representatives defense judiciary scandals congress to-do list u.s. u.s. home crime terrorism economy immigration disasters military education environment personal freedoms regions opinion opinion home todd starnes judith miller juan williams kt mcfarland dr. keith ablow karl rove ric grenell entertainment [fox411] home celebrity news movies tv music style [fox411] video tech tech home gadgets google social military tech smartphones video games slideshows science science home archaeology air &amp; space planet earth wild nature natural science dinosaurs slideshows health health home men's health women's health children's health alternative medicine diabetes heart health allergies nutrition &amp; fitness travel travel home slideshows in 5 guides lifestyle lifestyle home auto food &amp; drink real estate recipes wine with me world world home u.n. conflicts terrorism disasters global economy environment religion scandals regions sports sports home football basketball hockey baseball college sports tennis nascar golf more sports stats on air on air home a healthy you &amp; carol alt america's news hq america's newsroom cavuto fox files fox &amp; friends first fox &amp; friends fox &amp; friends weekend fox news sunday geraldo at large greta hannity happening now huckabee justice with judge jeanine #mediabuzz outnumbered red eye w/ gutfeld shepard smith reporting special report specials sunday morning futures with maria bartiromo the cost of freedom the five the journal editorial report the kelly file the o'reilly factor the real story w/ gretchen carlson war stories more from fox news fox news fox business fox news latino fox news go fox news radio fox nation fox news insider fox news fox business fox news latino fox news go fox news radio fox nation fox news insider login menu home foxnews.com search regions sick passenger removed from united flight by medical personnel in hazmat suits published october 04, 2014foxnews.com facebook905 twitter376 livefyre2127 email print now playing flight detained at newark airport to aid sick passenger at least one passenger exhibiting flu-like symptoms and believed to be from liberia was removed saturday from a united airlines plane at new jersey's newark international airport by medical personnel in hazmat suits.? passengers and crew on board flight 998 were instructed to remain inside the plane while the sick passenger, a 35-year-old man, and a young girl were removed, port authority officials told fox news.?advertisementadvertisement passengers were questioned by the centers for disease control and prevention, while than man and the girl were taken to a local hospital.. united airlines said it is working with authorities to accommodate its passengers. \"the crew reported that a person was vomiting, and that liberians were aboard the plane,\" a law enforcement source told the new york post. \"the person throwing up is believed to be liberian.\" drama on the flight from bru, pax taken off by cdc, we are stuck on the plane, immigration staff now on! pic.twitter.com/fqyieqrapk ? paul chard (@paul_chard63) october 4, 2014 details about the number of ill passengers were not immediately clear, but the issue raised fears since the symptoms described are commonly associated with ebola.? authorities said the plane's crew and its roughly 250 remaining passengers stayed onboard for about 90 minutes before being allowed to leave allowed to leave. united airlines said in a statement the ill passenger was taken to a hospital. the associated press and fox news' bryan llenas contributed to this report. ? sponsored stories you may like 14 mortifying wedding photobombs parent society what?s the difference between melanoma and skin cancer? dana-farber/brigham and women?s cancer center beloved tv star battling incurable lung cancer proves that each day is? aarp hiv/aids: changing my mind on treatment as prevention thebody.com 14 mortifying wedding photobombs parent society what?s the difference between melanoma and skin cancer? dana-farber/brigham and women?s cancer center beloved tv star battling incurable lung cancer proves that each day is? aarp hiv/aids: changing my mind on treatment as prevention thebody.com recommended by america's election hq see the latest updates on the hottest midterm races from fox news full elections coverage ? also on the web only people born in the 1950s will really understand these 10 things (grandparents.com) splicing human dna leads to 'terrible, terrible things' (wired) to age well, walk (the hartford mile) these are the 10 longest lasting cars on the road (autos cheat sheet) learn how to identify melanoma and skin cancer (dana-farber/brigham and women?s cancer center) 9 hilarious things you should never ask a woman who just gave birth (nick mom) more from fox news boy riding his bike almost decapitated after neighbor used a thin rope to block kids off (fox news latino - old) man with implanted horns says he's innocent when sentenced to life for role in triple slaying (u.s.) 5-year-old boy's skin 'falls off' after allergic reaction to medication (health) texas girl kidnapped 12 years ago rescued during secret mission in mexico (u.s.) krauthammer: 'we have a presidency falling apart' (politics) the new form of infidelity (health) recommended by watch now... charles krauthammer on major opinion shift in isis polling (video - politics) obama's 'pass-the-buck' presidency gets pushback (video - politics) president calls out fox news over obamacare coverage (video - politics) charles krauthammer on major opinion shift in isis polling (video - politics) obama's 'pass-the-buck' presidency gets pushback (video - politics) president calls out fox news over obamacare coverage (video - politics) origin of aids pandemic traced to 1920s kinshasa dallas cowboys will keep c.j. spillman on roster georges st-pierre is making a comeback to the ufc drinking makes male smiles contagious scientists reverse memory loss in alzheimer's patients 14 reasons you're always tired 11 reasons why you're not losing belly fat 26 quick and tasty zucchini recipes 13 delicious twists on classic lunches 5 fat-burning body weight exercises xeljanz: a blessing or a curse for rheumatoid arthritis patients? nbc news cameraman in liberia contracts ebola, will be treated in the us curiosity changes the brain to boost learning and memory up to 100 people monitored for ebola in texas; official 'certain' us can stop the virus surprise! free birth control and sex education slash rates of teen pregnancy and abortion site index sections home video politics u.s. opinion entertainment tech science health travel lifestyle world sports weather on air tools live video trending ureport newsletters alerts blogs mobile podcasts radio fox news store apps &amp; downloads about careers college students fox around the world advertise with us terms of use privacy policy ad choices contact us email newsroom faq media relations follow facebook twitter google+ linkedin rss newsletters fox news back to top this material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. ?2014 fox news network, llc. all rights reserved. all market data delayed 20 minutes. privacy - terms - faq &lt;img src=\"http://metrics.foxnews.com/b/ss/foxnews/1/h22.1--ns/1412461859552?pagename=noscript:us:subsection:article&amp;g=http://www.foxnews.com/health/2014/10/04/sick-passenger-removed-from-united-flight-by-medical-personnel-in-hazmat-suits/\" style=\"display:none;\" width=\"0\" height=\"0\" border=\"0\" alt=\"\"&gt; &lt;img src=\"//secure-us.imrworldwide.com/cgi-bin/m?ci=us-801796h&amp;amp;cg=0&amp;amp;cc=1&amp;amp;si=http://www.foxnews.com/health/2014/10/04/sick-passenger-removed-from-united-flight-by-medical-personnel-in-hazmat-suits/&amp;amp;ts=noscript&amp;amp;rnd=1412461859552\" style=\"display:none;\" width=\"0\" height=\"0\" border=\"0\" alt=\"\"&gt; &lt;img src=\"http://b.scorecardresearch.com/p?c1=2&amp;c2=9013181&amp;c3=&amp;c4=http://www.foxnews.com/health/2014/10/04/sick-passenger-removed-from-united-flight-by-medical-personnel-in-hazmat-suits/&amp;c5=&amp;c6=&amp;c15=&amp;cv=2.2&amp;cj=1\" style=\"display:none;\" width=\"0\" height=\"0\" border=\"0\" alt=\"\"&gt; resend email verification to sign in you must verify your email address. fill out the form below and we'll send you an email to verify. {* #resendverificationform *} {* resendverification_emailaddress *} {* newpasswordformbutton *} {* /resendverificationform *} please change your display name. your display name is unavailable. {* #postloginform1 *} {*postlogin_displayname *} {* postlogin_acceptbutton *} {* /postloginform1 *} your verification email has been sent check your email for a link to reset your password. sign in account deletion are you sure you want to permanently delete your fox news digital account? you will lose your activity history and email preferences. {* confirmdeactivateform *} {* confirmdeactivatebutton *} {* /confirmdeactivateform *} you did it! your password has been successfully changed. close change your password {* newpasswordform *} {* oldpassword *} {* newpassword *} {* newpasswordconfirm *} i forgot my password {* newpasswordformbutton *} {* /newpasswordform *} member profile don't have an account? create one now {* profilephotocustom *} {* public_displayname *} {* member_since *} {* public_city *} {* public_state *} {* public_country *} {* public_birthdate *} {* public_gender *} {* slider_public *} user stats comments ureports likes shares {* public_shares *} sign in welcome back, {* welcomename *} (not you?) sign in with your account use another account ? ??{* returnprovider *} privacy policy sign in welcome back, (not you?) sign in with your account use another account ? {* #userinformationform *} {* traditionalsignin_emailaddress *} {* traditionalsignin_password *} {* traditionalsignin_signinbutton *} {* /userinformationform *} privacy policy you're almost done! complete the following form to submit your registration. {* #socialregistrationform *} {* socialregistration_firstname *} {* socialregistration_lastname *} {* socialregistration_displayname *} {* socialregistration_emailaddress *} {* registration_birthday *} terms of service {* agreetoterms *} {* socialregistration_button *} {* /socialregistrationform *} create a fox news account already have an account? sign in ? {* #registrationform *} {* traditionalregistration_firstname *} {* traditionalregistration_lastname *} {* traditionalregistration_displayname *} {* traditionalregistration_emailaddress *} {* traditionalregistration_password *} {* traditionalregistration_passwordconfirm *} {* registration_birthday *} subscribe to fox news email newsletters optional fox news morning headlines fox news top headlines fox business breaking alerts fox news breaking alerts security check {* captcha *} {* agreetoterms *} {* createaccountbutton *} {* /registrationform *} thank you for registering! once you confirm your email address you will be able to access commenting and exclusive content on all the fox news digital websites! verify your email we just sent an email to your account to verify your email address. check your inbox and click on the link to confirm your account. close forgot my password enter your current email address, and we'll send you instructions to create a new password. {* #forgotpasswordform *} {* forgotpassword_emailaddress *} {* forgotpassword_sendbutton *} {* /forgotpasswordform *} forgot my password success! you should receive an email shortly with instructions to change your password. close {* mergeaccounts {\"custom\": true} *} create a fox news account it looks like you've been here before. we already have an account for: {| current_emailaddress |} connect this session with your existing account forgot password? not you? continue creating a new account sign in to complete account merge {* #tradauthenticatemergeform *} {* traditionalsignin_emailaddress *} {* traditionalsignin_password *} {* traditionalsignin_signinbutton *} forgot password? {* /tradauthenticatemergeform *} facebooktwitterlinkedinemailsocial sharing by janrainshare on your timelineshared on your timelinethanks for sharing with your friends on facebook. share with your other networks too!start overx+4editdoneor browse friendsand 0 morex+it appears the url has been modified. restore?0editdonex+it appears the url has been modified. restore?0editdonehttp://www.foxnews.com/health/2014/10/04/sick-passenger-removed-from-united-flight-by-medical-personnel-in-hazmat-suits/undefinedconnecting to facebook failed. %tag%view error%gat%shareconnecttweet to your followersprefer a direct message? choose followersshared to twitterdirect message your followersyou can also tweet to all your followerssent to your followersthanks for sharing with your followers on twitter. share with your other networks too!start overselect your followersx+11editdoneclosedoneselected followersx+11editdoneclosedonex+4editdoneor browse followersand 0 morex+it appears the url has been modified. restore?140editdonex+url will be shortened116editdonehttp://www.foxnews.com/health/2014/10/04/sick-passenger-removed-from-united-flight-by-medical-personnel-in-hazmat-suits/undefinedconnecting to twitter failed. %tag%view error%gat%shareconnectshare with your connectionsprefer sending a message? choose connectionsshared to linkedinmessage to your connectionsyou can also share with all connectionssent to your connectionsthanks for sharing with your connections on linkedin. share with your other networks too!start overselect your connectionsx+11editdoneclosedoneselected connectionsx+11editdoneclosedonex+4editdoneor browse connectionsand 0 morex+it appears the url has been modified. restore?0editdonex+it appears the url has been modified. restore?0editdonehttp://www.foxnews.com/health/2014/10/04/sick-passenger-removed-from-united-flight-by-medical-personnel-in-hazmat-suits/undefinedsign in to your email providerconnecting to linkedin failed. %tag%view error%gat%shareconnectshare with your friends by emailemail sentthanks for sharing with your contacts via email. share with your other networks too!start overselect your contactsx+11editdoneclosedoneselected contactsx+11editdoneclosedonex+30editdoneor browse contactsand 0 morex+it appears the url has been modified. restore?0editdonex+-120editdonehttp://www.foxnews.com/health/2014/10/04/sick-passenger-removed-from-united-flight-by-medical-personnel-in-hazmat-suits/undefinedsign in to your email providerconnecting to email failed. %tag%view error%gat%connectconnectgoogleyahoo sign in with your existing account ??facebook ??google+ ??twitter ??yahoo ??linkedin ??aol with a fox news account sign up ? email addressvalidating validating i forgot my password find answers to your questions about the fox news community in our faqs.", "bull": 1}, {"raw_text": "search sign in to comment!login fox news home watch live trending video politics politics home midterm elections executive senate house of representatives defense judiciary scandals congress to-do list u.s. u.s. home crime terrorism economy immigration disasters military education environment personal freedoms regions opinion opinion home todd starnes judith miller juan williams kt mcfarland dr. keith ablow karl rove ric grenell entertainment [fox411] home celebrity news movies tv music style [fox411] video tech tech home gadgets google social military tech smartphones video games slideshows science science home archaeology air &amp; space planet earth wild nature natural science dinosaurs slideshows health health home men's health women's health children's health alternative medicine diabetes heart health allergies nutrition &amp; fitness travel travel home slideshows in 5 guides lifestyle lifestyle home auto food &amp; drink real estate recipes wine with me world world home u.n. conflicts terrorism disasters global economy environment religion scandals regions sports sports home football basketball hockey baseball college sports tennis nascar golf more sports stats on air on air home a healthy you &amp; carol alt america's news hq america's newsroom cavuto fox files fox &amp; friends first fox &amp; friends fox &amp; friends weekend fox news sunday geraldo at large greta hannity happening now huckabee justice with judge jeanine #mediabuzz outnumbered red eye w/ gutfeld shepard smith reporting special report specials sunday morning futures with maria bartiromo the cost of freedom the five the journal editorial report the kelly file the o'reilly factor the real story w/ gretchen carlson war stories more from fox news fox news fox business fox news latino fox news go fox news radio fox nation fox news insider fox news fox business fox news latino fox news go fox news radio fox nation fox news insider menu home foxnews.com search u.s. home crime terrorism economy immigration disasters military education environment personal freedoms regions homicide oklahoma medical helicopter crashes in north texas, killing patient, injuring 3 crew members published october 04, 2014associated press facebook0 twitter0 email print wichita falls, texas ? ?a medical helicopter crashed early saturday a few blocks from a north texas hospital where it was headed, killing a patient it was transporting from nearby oklahoma and seriously injuring the pilot and two medical personnel who were aboard, authorities said. the helicopter, operated by air evac lifeteam, was taking the patient from waurika, oklahoma, to united regional health care in wichita falls, about 35 miles to the southwest, when it crashed just before 2 a.m., fire chief jon reese told the times record news.advertisementadvertisement \"the crews are pretty tore up, families are devastated,\" reese said. the patient died at the scene. the pilot was in serious but stable condition at united regional. the flight nurse and paramedic were in critical condition at the parkland hospital burn unit in dallas, about 125 miles to the southeast. their names were not immediately released, but the oklahoma state bureau of investigation said the patient who died may have been the victim of a shooting friday night at an apartment in waurika. bureau of investigation spokeswoman jessica brown told the associated press it would be up to the district attorney's office in waurika to decide whether to pursue a murder charge in the shooting case. the bell 206 longranger iii helicopter crashed on a downtown street next to a parking lot and missed nearby structures. reese, the wichita falls fire chief, said an air evac lifeteam crew already awaiting the chopper's arrival reached the crash site first and found the aircraft on fire but intact. \"they made a heroic effort in saving their co-workers,\" reese said. investigators from the federal aviation administration and national transportation safety board were headed to the crash scene, city officials said. \"our thoughts and prayers are with everyone involved in this accident,\" daniel sweeza, vice president of operations for the o'fallon, missouri-based air evac lifeteam, said in a statement. the aircraft involved was based out of duncan, oklahoma, he said. air evac lifeteam on its website describes itself as the nation's largest independently owned and operated air ambulance company. it employs 2,400 people and is the largest air ambulance provider in nine of the 15 states where it has 113 bases, primarily in rural areas in the midwest and south. advertisement fox business more flag from 9/11 is lost in flight 93 memorial fire one town has its hand in 1000s of pumpkin pies suffolk downs marks its final day of live races trending in u.s. 1 sick passenger removed from united flight by medical personnel in hazmat suits 2 cop-killer manhunt hopes to starve suspect out into the open 3 decision to let cop killer abu-jamal give commencement speech 'despicable,' widow says 4 louisiana teachers accused of group sex with student freed on bail 5 'he gave me a big hug,' fearful daughter of dallas ebola patient's girlfriend says see all trends advertisement ? bank rates mortgage home equity autos cd rates loan type graph rate +/- last week 30 y fixed 4.09% 4.14% ? 15 y fixed 3.20% 3.24% ? 30 y fixed jumbo 4.55% 4.56% ? 5/1 arm 3.40% 3.50% ? 5/1 jumbo arm 3.45% 3.46% ? find personalized rates loan type graph rate +/- last week $30k heloc 4.30% 4.29% ? $50k heloc 4.06% 4.04% ? $30k loan 5.09% 5.10% ? $50k loan 4.50% 4.53% ? $75k loan 4.52% 4.53% ? find personalized rates loan type graph rate +/- last week 36 m new 2.94% 2.93% ? 36 m used 3.44% 3.43% ? 48 m new 3.23% 3.22% ? 48 m used 3.01% 2.99% ? 60 m new 3.25% 3.24% ? find personalized rates loan type graph yield +/- last week 6 month 0.38% -- 0.38% ? 1 yr 0.70% -- 0.70% ? 5 yr 1.50% 1.47% ? compare rates 1-year cd 1-year cd 6-month cd 3-month cd 5-year cd 1-year jumbo cd money market account jumbo mma america's election hq see the latest updates on the hottest midterm races from fox news full elections coverage ? site index sections home video politics u.s. opinion entertainment tech science health travel lifestyle world sports weather on air tools live video trending ureport newsletters alerts blogs mobile podcasts radio fox news store apps &amp; downloads about careers college students fox around the world advertise with us terms of use privacy policy ad choices contact us email newsroom faq media relations follow facebook twitter google+ linkedin rss newsletters fox news back to top this material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. ?2014 fox news network, llc. all rights reserved. all market data delayed 20 minutes. privacy - terms - faq &lt;img src=\"http://metrics.foxnews.com/b/ss/foxnews/1/h22.1--ns/1412461681204?pagename=noscript:us:subsection:article&amp;g=http://www.foxnews.com/us/2014/10/04/oklahoma-medical-helicopter-crashes-in-north-texas-killing-patient-injuring-3/\" style=\"display:none;\" width=\"0\" height=\"0\" border=\"0\" alt=\"\"&gt; &lt;img src=\"//secure-us.imrworldwide.com/cgi-bin/m?ci=us-801796h&amp;amp;cg=0&amp;amp;cc=1&amp;amp;si=http://www.foxnews.com/us/2014/10/04/oklahoma-medical-helicopter-crashes-in-north-texas-killing-patient-injuring-3/&amp;amp;ts=noscript&amp;amp;rnd=1412461681204\" style=\"display:none;\" width=\"0\" height=\"0\" border=\"0\" alt=\"\"&gt; &lt;img src=\"http://b.scorecardresearch.com/p?c1=2&amp;c2=9013181&amp;c3=&amp;c4=http://www.foxnews.com/us/2014/10/04/oklahoma-medical-helicopter-crashes-in-north-texas-killing-patient-injuring-3/&amp;c5=&amp;c6=&amp;c15=&amp;cv=2.2&amp;cj=1\" style=\"display:none;\" width=\"0\" height=\"0\" border=\"0\" alt=\"\"&gt;", "bull": 1}, {"raw_text": "search sign in to comment!login fox news home watch live trending video politics politics home midterm elections executive senate house of representatives defense judiciary scandals congress to-do list u.s. u.s. home crime terrorism economy immigration disasters military education environment personal freedoms regions opinion opinion home todd starnes judith miller juan williams kt mcfarland dr. keith ablow karl rove ric grenell entertainment [fox411] home celebrity news movies tv music style [fox411] video tech tech home gadgets google social military tech smartphones video games slideshows science science home archaeology air &amp; space planet earth wild nature natural science dinosaurs slideshows health health home men's health women's health children's health alternative medicine diabetes heart health allergies nutrition &amp; fitness travel travel home slideshows in 5 guides lifestyle lifestyle home auto food &amp; drink real estate recipes wine with me world world home u.n. conflicts terrorism disasters global economy environment religion scandals regions sports sports home football basketball hockey baseball college sports tennis nascar golf more sports stats on air on air home a healthy you &amp; carol alt america's news hq america's newsroom cavuto fox files fox &amp; friends first fox &amp; friends fox &amp; friends weekend fox news sunday geraldo at large greta hannity happening now huckabee justice with judge jeanine #mediabuzz outnumbered red eye w/ gutfeld shepard smith reporting special report specials sunday morning futures with maria bartiromo the cost of freedom the five the journal editorial report the kelly file the o'reilly factor the real story w/ gretchen carlson war stories more from fox news fox news fox business fox news latino fox news go fox news radio fox nation fox news insider fox news fox business fox news latino fox news go fox news radio fox nation fox news insider login menu home foxnews.com search opinion home todd starnes judith miller juan williams kt mcfarland dr. keith ablow karl rove ric grenell religious terror if us is serious about defeating isis obama must put boots on the ground by zev chafetspublished october 03, 2014foxnews.com facebook49 twitter19 livefyre70 email print now playing new isis threat on military families in the us american efforts to vet and enlist syrian and iraqi candidates for an anti-islamic caliphate military coalition are misadventures in the making. even president obama know this is a fool?s errand. earlier this summer he dismissed the idea of recruiting ?farmers, or teachers or pharmacists? to take on the murderous forces of islamic caliphate and/or the equally murderous assad regime. ?how quickly can you get them trained?? asked obama rhetorically. ?how effective are you able to mobilize them??advertisementadvertisement the answer is obvious: never. the idea of a pro-western citizens? militia rising in righteous indignation and defeating the syrian dictatorship is preposterous. the possibility that such a militia could destroy the marauders of the islamic caliphate is ridiculous. the notion that it could do both of these things simultaneously is delusional. if the united states wants a military coalition in the middle east, it will have to lead it. if it wants to actually win, it will have to fight on the ground. still, there are ?experts? in washington who argue that the free syrian army might be able to transform itself into a real military with american training. there is absolutely no evidence for this. there are some defectors from assad?s military among the free syrians, but there is no reason to think they include competent combat officers. much less leaders capable of training a real army and eliciting its loyalty. the u.s. military spent a decade trying to build an army in iraq. general martin dempsey, the chairman of the joint chiefs of staff, has conceded that 26 of iraq?s 50 army brigades are incapable of working effectively with us forces, and the others need additional military training. in plain english, the iraqi army, after billions of dollars in us aid and equipment and countless hours of american tutelage, is worthless. if the united states wants a military coalition in the middle east, it will have to lead it. if it wants to actually win, it will have to fight on the ground.? destroying a terrorist enemy can?t be done from behind (see: libya). it can?t be done simply from the air, as israel?s failed campaign in gaza against hamas, recently demonstrated. it can?t be done by nato allies that are unwilling to fight muslims (turkey), preoccupied with the threat of russian expansion (germany, poland and the baltic states), scared of entering syria or simply devoid of any real military capacity. an american campaign in the middle east requires a new coalition composed of countries that are both able and willing to name the enemy and fight until it is defeated. the first step is saying out loud who the enemy actually is. as president sisi of egypt has said, that enemy is not simply the self-proclaimed islamic caliphate but radical political islam in all its forms.? some groups are sunni (the muslim brotherhood, hamas and al qaeda in all its permutations) and some are shi?ite?the iranian ayatollahs and lebanese hezbollah (and their ally, the assad regime in syria). they may hate one another, but they share a common foe, known variously as crusaders, christians, satans (great and small), hindus, zionists, jews, infidels, imperialists and colonialists. the jihadis also have a common goal: to reconquer the lands of islam. by this they mean an area extending from the atlantic coast of west africa to the caucasus mountains, al-andalus (what western usurpers call ?spain?) to pakistan and western china. that the jihad, in its various forms, is serious can hardly be doubted at this stage. vast expanses of the globe and its resources are now under muslim control. where that control ends, wars rage.? the successes of the jihad, from the sneak attack on 9/11 to the beheading of western journalists, have thrilled and inspired millions of muslims, including an unknown but evidently growing number of american and european citizens. despite its technology and military tradition, the west can lose this conflict. defeat would not take the form of islamic forces occupying new york and l.a., paris or london. it would simply mean life in a world where western values and interests are under constant pressure from ever more powerful, aggressive and fanatical foe. no one can predict what that will lead to eventually. but it probably wouldn?t be good for infidels. the second step is to set a strategic goal -- victory -- and understand what it will require: disarming the jihadi groups and the radical states and regimes that support them, and installing pro-western leaders in the currently ungoverned spaces of the house of islam. america has not undertaken a military challenge of this magnitude since world war ii. perhaps president obama is right to shy away from it. that is certainly the meaning of his ?no boots on the ground,? pledge. but there is no point in pretending; without american boots on the ground, no sane foreign leader (or syrian podiatrist or iraqi foot soldier) will rush in where america fears to tread.zev chafets is a fox news contributor. + followfoxnewsopinion on facebook advertisement opinion video gretchen's take: perfect time for obama to reach out to bush (video - opinion) gutfeld: obama goes back to the well (video - opinion) greta: obama should lead, stop picking fights with fox news (video - opinion) gutfeld: from cop-killer to commencement speaker (video - opinion) gretchen's take: perfect time for obama to reach out to bush (video - opinion) gutfeld: obama goes back to the well (video - opinion) greta: obama should lead, stop picking fights with fox news (video - opinion) gutfeld: from cop-killer to commencement speaker (video - opinion) recommended by trending in opinion 1 if obama thinks ebola is a 'national security priority,' why no travel ban? 2 five reasons why we can all appreciate yom kippur --the jewish day of atonement 3 college orders student to 'dumb down' religious show 4 kudos to panetta for telling truth about obama and iraq 5 pumpkin spice madness see all trends opinion connect thought-provoking headlines from our top opinion contributors thank you! your subscription has been submitted. american innovation more ? low-cost baby incubator aims to boost infant health startup touts noise elimination software for mobile phones scientists proceed with caution towards new gene mutation technology fox nation ebola patient 'knew' he had virus, flew to u.s. to survive october 04, 2014 immigrants kicked off obamacare now suing over discrimination october 04, 2014 university cancels controversial sex party october 04, 2014 lena dunham: i was raped by a republican october 04, 2014 isis beheads another british hostage, threatens former u.s. army ranger october 04, 2014 advertisement ? america's election hq see the latest updates on the hottest midterm races from fox news full elections coverage ? also on the web new epa rules are leaving americans out in the cold (count on coal) an extremely brilliant way to pay off your mortgage (bills.com) vanessa williams' surprising dna test (ancestry.com) car brands are attracting older buyers - and that's an issue (usa today) the evolving use of white bagging in oncology (onclive) make an over-the-top baby shower gift that everyone will love (pampers) more from fox news police hunt for massachusetts man who allegedly filmed sexual assault (u.s.) 30 years later, a simple flip reveals identity of man killed by semitruck along kentucky road (u.s.) there could be something hidden inside your new debit card (fox business - personal finance) man allegedly shoots down neighbor?s drone with shotgun (tech) isis threat: mr. obama, blaming others for failure is not a strategy (opinion) why i'm glad the nfl called an audible on muslim prayer (opinion) recommended by watch now... gutfeld: does the gop need a makeover? (video - opinion) effort to videotape police officers legal? (video - opinion) are we underestimating radicalization of us prison system? (video - opinion) gutfeld: does the gop need a makeover? (video - opinion) effort to videotape police officers legal? (video - opinion) are we underestimating radicalization of us prison system? (video - opinion) site index sections home video politics u.s. opinion entertainment tech science health travel lifestyle world sports weather on air tools live video trending ureport newsletters alerts blogs mobile podcasts radio fox news store apps &amp; downloads about careers college students fox around the world advertise with us terms of use privacy policy ad choices contact us email newsroom faq media relations follow facebook twitter google+ linkedin rss newsletters fox news back to top this material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. ?2014 fox news network, llc. all rights reserved. all market data delayed 20 minutes. privacy - terms - faq &lt;img src=\"http://metrics.foxnews.com/b/ss/foxnews/1/h22.1--ns/1412461636690?pagename=noscript:opinion:front:article&amp;g=http://www.foxnews.com/opinion/2014/10/03/if-us-is-serious-about-defeating-isis-obama-must-put-boots-on-ground/\" style=\"display:none;\" width=\"0\" height=\"0\" border=\"0\" alt=\"\"&gt; &lt;img src=\"//secure-us.imrworldwide.com/cgi-bin/m?ci=us-801796h&amp;amp;cg=0&amp;amp;cc=1&amp;amp;si=http://www.foxnews.com/opinion/2014/10/03/if-us-is-serious-about-defeating-isis-obama-must-put-boots-on-ground/&amp;amp;ts=noscript&amp;amp;rnd=1412461636690\" style=\"display:none;\" width=\"0\" height=\"0\" border=\"0\" alt=\"\"&gt; &lt;img src=\"http://b.scorecardresearch.com/p?c1=2&amp;c2=9013181&amp;c3=&amp;c4=http://www.foxnews.com/opinion/2014/10/03/if-us-is-serious-about-defeating-isis-obama-must-put-boots-on-ground/&amp;c5=&amp;c6=&amp;c15=&amp;cv=2.2&amp;cj=1\" style=\"display:none;\" width=\"0\" height=\"0\" border=\"0\" alt=\"\"&gt; resend email verification to sign in you must verify your email address. fill out the form below and we'll send you an email to verify. {* #resendverificationform *} {* resendverification_emailaddress *} {* newpasswordformbutton *} {* /resendverificationform *} please change your display name. your display name is unavailable. {* #postloginform1 *} {*postlogin_displayname *} {* postlogin_acceptbutton *} {* /postloginform1 *} your verification email has been sent check your email for a link to reset your password. sign in account deletion are you sure you want to permanently delete your fox news digital account? you will lose your activity history and email preferences. {* confirmdeactivateform *} {* confirmdeactivatebutton *} {* /confirmdeactivateform *} you did it! your password has been successfully changed. close change your password {* newpasswordform *} {* oldpassword *} {* newpassword *} {* newpasswordconfirm *} i forgot my password {* newpasswordformbutton *} {* /newpasswordform *} member profile don't have an account? create one now {* profilephotocustom *} {* public_displayname *} {* member_since *} {* public_city *} {* public_state *} {* public_country *} {* public_birthdate *} {* public_gender *} {* slider_public *} user stats comments ureports likes shares {* public_shares *} sign in with your existing account ??facebook ??google+ ??twitter ??yahoo ??linkedin ??aol with a fox news account sign up ? {* #userinformationform *} {* traditionalsignin_emailaddress *} {* traditionalsignin_password *} i forgot my password {* traditionalsignin_signinbutton *} {* /userinformationform *} find answers to your questions about the fox news community in our faqs. sign in welcome back, {* welcomename *} (not you?) sign in with your account use another account ? ??{* returnprovider *} privacy policy sign in welcome back, (not you?) sign in with your account use another account ? {* #userinformationform *} {* traditionalsignin_emailaddress *} {* traditionalsignin_password *} {* traditionalsignin_signinbutton *} {* /userinformationform *} privacy policy you're almost done! complete the following form to submit your registration. {* #socialregistrationform *} {* socialregistration_firstname *} {* socialregistration_lastname *} {* socialregistration_displayname *} {* socialregistration_emailaddress *} {* registration_birthday *} terms of service {* agreetoterms *} {* socialregistration_button *} {* /socialregistrationform *} create a fox news account already have an account? sign in ? {* #registrationform *} {* traditionalregistration_firstname *} {* traditionalregistration_lastname *} {* traditionalregistration_displayname *} {* traditionalregistration_emailaddress *} {* traditionalregistration_password *} {* traditionalregistration_passwordconfirm *} {* registration_birthday *} subscribe to fox news email newsletters optional fox news morning headlines fox news top headlines fox business breaking alerts fox news breaking alerts security check {* captcha *} {* agreetoterms *} {* createaccountbutton *} {* /registrationform *} thank you for registering! once you confirm your email address you will be able to access commenting and exclusive content on all the fox news digital websites! verify your email we just sent an email to your account to verify your email address. check your inbox and click on the link to confirm your account. close forgot my password enter your current email address, and we'll send you instructions to create a new password. {* #forgotpasswordform *} {* forgotpassword_emailaddress *} {* forgotpassword_sendbutton *} {* /forgotpasswordform *} forgot my password success! you should receive an email shortly with instructions to change your password. close {* mergeaccounts {\"custom\": true} *} create a fox news account it looks like you've been here before. we already have an account for: {| current_emailaddress |} connect this session with your existing account forgot password? not you? continue creating a new account sign in to complete account merge {* #tradauthenticatemergeform *} {* traditionalsignin_emailaddress *} {* traditionalsignin_password *} {* traditionalsignin_signinbutton *} forgot password? {* /tradauthenticatemergeform *} facebooktwitterlinkedinemailsocial sharing by janrainshare on your timelineshared on your timelinethanks for sharing with your friends on facebook. share with your other networks too!start overx+4editdoneor browse friendsand 0 morex+it appears the url has been modified. restore?0editdonex+it appears the url has been modified. restore?0editdonehttp://www.foxnews.com/opinion/2014/10/03/if-us-is-serious-about-defeating-isis-obama-must-put-boots-on-ground/undefinedconnecting to facebook failed. %tag%view error%gat%shareconnecttweet to your followersprefer a direct message? choose followersshared to twitterdirect message your followersyou can also tweet to all your followerssent to your followersthanks for sharing with your followers on twitter. share with your other networks too!start overselect your followersx+11editdoneclosedoneselected followersx+11editdoneclosedonex+4editdoneor browse followersand 0 morex+it appears the url has been modified. restore?140editdonex+url will be shortened116editdonehttp://www.foxnews.com/opinion/2014/10/03/if-us-is-serious-about-defeating-isis-obama-must-put-boots-on-ground/undefinedconnecting to twitter failed. %tag%view error%gat%shareconnectshare with your connectionsprefer sending a message? choose connectionsshared to linkedinmessage to your connectionsyou can also share with all connectionssent to your connectionsthanks for sharing with your connections on linkedin. share with your other networks too!start overselect your connectionsx+11editdoneclosedoneselected connectionsx+11editdoneclosedonex+4editdoneor browse connectionsand 0 morex+it appears the url has been modified. restore?0editdonex+it appears the url has been modified. restore?0editdonehttp://www.foxnews.com/opinion/2014/10/03/if-us-is-serious-about-defeating-isis-obama-must-put-boots-on-ground/undefinedsign in to your email providerconnecting to linkedin failed. %tag%view error%gat%shareconnectshare with your friends by emailemail sentthanks for sharing with your contacts via email. share with your other networks too!start overselect your contactsx+11editdoneclosedoneselected contactsx+11editdoneclosedonex+30editdoneor browse contactsand 0 morex+it appears the url has been modified. restore?0editdonex+-111editdonehttp://www.foxnews.com/opinion/2014/10/03/if-us-is-serious-about-defeating-isis-obama-must-put-boots-on-ground/undefinedsign in to your email providerconnecting to email failed. %tag%view error%gat%connectconnectgoogleyahoo", "bull": 1}, {"raw_text": "search sign in to comment!login fox news home watch live trending video politics politics home midterm elections executive senate house of representatives defense judiciary scandals congress to-do list u.s. u.s. home crime terrorism economy immigration disasters military education environment personal freedoms regions opinion opinion home todd starnes judith miller juan williams kt mcfarland dr. keith ablow karl rove ric grenell entertainment [fox411] home celebrity news movies tv music style [fox411] video tech tech home gadgets google social military tech smartphones video games slideshows science science home archaeology air &amp; space planet earth wild nature natural science dinosaurs slideshows health health home men's health women's health children's health alternative medicine diabetes heart health allergies nutrition &amp; fitness travel travel home slideshows in 5 guides lifestyle lifestyle home auto food &amp; drink real estate recipes wine with me world world home u.n. conflicts terrorism disasters global economy environment religion scandals regions sports sports home football basketball hockey baseball college sports tennis nascar golf more sports stats on air on air home a healthy you &amp; carol alt america's news hq america's newsroom cavuto fox files fox &amp; friends first fox &amp; friends fox &amp; friends weekend fox news sunday geraldo at large greta hannity happening now huckabee justice with judge jeanine #mediabuzz outnumbered red eye w/ gutfeld shepard smith reporting special report specials sunday morning futures with maria bartiromo the cost of freedom the five the journal editorial report the kelly file the o'reilly factor the real story w/ gretchen carlson war stories more from fox news fox news fox business fox news latino fox news go fox news radio fox nation fox news insider fox news fox business fox news latino fox news go fox news radio fox nation fox news insider menu home foxnews.com search opinion home todd starnes judith miller juan williams kt mcfarland dr. keith ablow karl rove ric grenell senate nine ideas for a new contract with america by christian whitonpublished october 02, 2014foxnews.com facebook27 twitter20 livefyre24 email print newt gingrich speaking during an american solutions rally in las vegas.?(ap photo) thursday, reince priebus, the dickensian-named republican party chairman, gave what he billed as a major address on ?principles for american renewal.? ? no one can accuse our political class of opposing recycling: amid paeans to the constitution, families, and maximizing freedom, priebus wound through nine principles, six examples, and about 3,500 other units of verbiage that easily could have been lifted from the dole-for-president campaign. ??advertisementadvertisement the performance brought to mind the vapid and sub-grammatical motto of jebediah springfield, fictional town father in fox?s the simpsons: ?a noble spirit embiggens the smallest man.? it wasn?t always this way. twenty years ago, the little-known house minority whip, newt gingrich, stood on the steps of the capitol with scores of congressmen and candidates to announce the contract with america. ?the pact?s bold ideas helped make the 1994 midterms a wave election and paved the way for welfare reform, balanced budgets, tax cuts, and stronger economic growth. today, the conservatives again need new, bold, positive ideas. ?they can?t count on congressional bosses who have decided to play it safe. ?those leaders believe that obamacare, scandals, foreign disasters, and voter fatigue will drag down the liberals this november. ? this theory may be true, but by running an idea-free campaign, conservatives won?t have a clear mandate if they win. ?furthermore, they will sacrifice several tossup congressional seats where liberals can eke out victory with their money advantage. a new contract-like campaign could leverage voter discontent and advocate commonsense economic and social policies to help the beleaguered middle class. here are nine suggestions: 1. conservatives should vow that a congress, under what we hope will be new leadership, will pass revenue-neutral tax reform. ?americans disagree over taxation and the scope of government, but agree that the tax code is a job-killing mess. ?eliminating most deductions and simplifying taxes to three or four lower rates is a winning issue that will boost the economy. 2. cut government payroll outside of the military -- including off-the-books contractors. ?according to the labor department, federal bureaucrats? pay and benefits have surpassed those of average americans?despite cushy jobs for life. ?the government hasn?t tightened its belt even as private enterprise has been forced to slim down in the obama economy. ?a new congress should vote to cut head count and benefits 10% across federal agencies. 3. recognize that a growing number of american workers -- and potential conservatives -- are independent contractors. ?these contractors face an onerous self-employment tax on top of income tax. ?let?s eliminate this penalty and make up the lost revenue with a luxury tax on the gold-plated pension funds that liberals have created for unionized government bureaucrats. 4. americans waste an average of 38 hours per year in traffic jams according to researchers at texas a&amp;m. ?most u.s. airports are also in terrible shape. ?antiquated laws and regulations that needlessly elevate the cost of new infrastructure are to blame. ?the worst offender is the davis-bacon law. ?originally passed in part to suppress black labor, the law today is used by unions to eliminate the cost advantages of their non-union competitors. ?a study by the beacon hill institute estimated that davis-bacon requirements increase the cost of infrastructure-related labor by 22% over the market rate. ?the law should go. 5. let?s limit the power of private-sector unions and curb rent-seeking government unions. twenty-four states have banned forced unionism with right-to-work laws, and they exhibit more economic growth than the rest. ?let?s make right-to-work a federal policy and also enact a nationwide ban to prevent new government employees from joining unions that rip off taxpayers and support ever-larger government. culturally, a new contract-like pledge can also define conservatives favorably with middle-class americans. ?but conservatives need to frame these issues to their advantage, not fall victim to the liberals? ?culture war? traps. 6. good schools are fundamental to a positive culture. to improve them, the sixth part of a new conservative contract could be a federal requirement giving parents choice in schools combined with a ban on tenure. ?parents should be allowed to move their children out of failing schools and principals should be allowed to reward teachers for merit instead of longevity. 7. the government should pragmatically help women turn to adoption as an alternative to abortion. ?there is a middle ground on this issue. ?shifting government funding away from abortion-providers could pay for healthcare for women who opt to forgo abortion and make dreams come true for the long backlog of couples who want to adopt. 8. we should defend our great western culture by banning radical islamists from immigrating to, seeking asylum in, or visiting the united states. ?let?s welcome muslims who support the rule of law and the american way; and keep violent radicals out. ?let?s also yank citizenship from those who join with violent jihadists abroad. 9. finally, a conservative congress should force our president to address the obviously unsecured border. ?it can be hard for congress to compel executive branch agencies to do their jobs, but congress can help states that want to defend themselves from being swamped by any future wave of illegals. ?send the president a bill allowing states to deport aliens charged with felonies directly?without the need for a federal permission slip. of course, the president would likely veto all of these popular, moderate reforms. let him. ? senator harry reid set the precedent for limiting filibusters. a congress under new management should follow suit, sending popular measures to the white house on simple-majority votes. ?let the liberals explain to the american people why they oppose reform.christian whiton is the president of the hamilton foundation.? he was a state department senior advisor in the george w. bush administration and a policy advisor on the giuliani and gingrich presidential campaigns. he is author of ?smart power: between?diplomacy and war? (potomac books 2013).? + followfoxnewsopinion on facebook advertisement opinion video ignoring incompetence until today (video - opinion) gretchen's take: what's going on with the secret service? (video - opinion) will anyone be held accountable for secret service failures? (video - opinion) gutfeld: from cop-killer to commencement speaker (video - opinion) ignoring incompetence until today (video - opinion) gretchen's take: what's going on with the secret service? (video - opinion) will anyone be held accountable for secret service failures? (video - opinion) gutfeld: from cop-killer to commencement speaker (video - opinion) recommended by trending in opinion 1 if obama thinks ebola is a 'national security priority,' why no travel ban? 2 five reasons why we can all appreciate yom kippur --the jewish day of atonement 3 college orders student to 'dumb down' religious show 4 kudos to panetta for telling truth about obama and iraq 5 pumpkin spice madness see all trends opinion connect thought-provoking headlines from our top opinion contributors thank you! your subscription has been submitted. american innovation more ? low-cost baby incubator aims to boost infant health startup touts noise elimination software for mobile phones scientists proceed with caution towards new gene mutation technology fox nation ebola patient 'knew' he had virus, flew to u.s. to survive october 04, 2014 immigrants kicked off obamacare now suing over discrimination october 04, 2014 lena dunham: i was raped by a republican october 04, 2014 university cancels controversial sex party october 04, 2014 gop edge grows in final stretch october 04, 2014 advertisement ? america's election hq see the latest updates on the hottest midterm races from fox news full elections coverage ? also on the web clintons seek to avoid a tax they once supported (fortune) the obama administration?s stealth plan to remake the workplace (fortune) want to add an audi to your at&amp;t plan? it'll be $10 (cnet) the real reason obamacare is now in trouble (money) is an accounting degree worth it or worthless? (rasmussen college) prudential - map my retirement (bring your challenges) more from fox news battle against 'boobies' bracelets costs pa. taxpayers nearly $400g (politics) dispute over public art celebrating latino heritage drives a wedge in massachusetts town (fox news latino - english) us attorney: ex-nfl player sentenced to prison for role in multimillion-dollar mortgage fraud (u.s.) white women sue for being given sperm from black donor (video - us) why i'm glad the nfl called an audible on muslim prayer (opinion) 'fool of the week': kim kardashian (did you forget your kid?!) (opinion) recommended by site index sections home video politics u.s. opinion entertainment tech science health travel lifestyle world sports weather on air tools live video trending ureport newsletters alerts blogs mobile podcasts radio fox news store apps &amp; downloads about careers college students fox around the world advertise with us terms of use privacy policy ad choices contact us email newsroom faq media relations follow facebook twitter google+ linkedin rss newsletters fox news back to top this material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. ?2014 fox news network, llc. all rights reserved. all market data delayed 20 minutes. privacy - terms - faq &lt;img src=\"http://metrics.foxnews.com/b/ss/foxnews/1/h22.1--ns/1412461738669?pagename=noscript:opinion:front:article&amp;g=http://www.foxnews.com/opinion/2014/10/02/nine-ideas-for-new-contract-with-america/\" style=\"display:none;\" width=\"0\" height=\"0\" border=\"0\" alt=\"\"&gt; &lt;img src=\"//secure-us.imrworldwide.com/cgi-bin/m?ci=us-801796h&amp;amp;cg=0&amp;amp;cc=1&amp;amp;si=http://www.foxnews.com/opinion/2014/10/02/nine-ideas-for-new-contract-with-america/&amp;amp;ts=noscript&amp;amp;rnd=1412461738669\" style=\"display:none;\" width=\"0\" height=\"0\" border=\"0\" alt=\"\"&gt; &lt;img src=\"http://b.scorecardresearch.com/p?c1=2&amp;c2=9013181&amp;c3=&amp;c4=http://www.foxnews.com/opinion/2014/10/02/nine-ideas-for-new-contract-with-america/&amp;c5=&amp;c6=&amp;c15=&amp;cv=2.2&amp;cj=1\" style=\"display:none;\" width=\"0\" height=\"0\" border=\"0\" alt=\"\"&gt; resend email verification to sign in you must verify your email address. fill out the form below and we'll send you an email to verify. {* #resendverificationform *} {* resendverification_emailaddress *} {* newpasswordformbutton *} {* /resendverificationform *} please change your display name. your display name is unavailable. {* #postloginform1 *} {*postlogin_displayname *} {* postlogin_acceptbutton *} {* /postloginform1 *} your verification email has been sent check your email for a link to reset your password. sign in account deletion are you sure you want to permanently delete your fox news digital account? you will lose your activity history and email preferences. {* confirmdeactivateform *} {* confirmdeactivatebutton *} {* /confirmdeactivateform *} you did it! your password has been successfully changed. close change your password {* newpasswordform *} {* oldpassword *} {* newpassword *} {* newpasswordconfirm *} i forgot my password {* newpasswordformbutton *} {* /newpasswordform *} member profile don't have an account? create one now {* profilephotocustom *} {* public_displayname *} {* member_since *} {* public_city *} {* public_state *} {* public_country *} {* public_birthdate *} {* public_gender *} {* slider_public *} user stats comments ureports likes shares {* public_shares *} sign in with your existing account ??facebook ??google+ ??twitter ??yahoo ??linkedin ??aol with a fox news account sign up ? {* #userinformationform *} {* traditionalsignin_emailaddress *} {* traditionalsignin_password *} i forgot my password {* traditionalsignin_signinbutton *} {* /userinformationform *} find answers to your questions about the fox news community in our faqs. sign in welcome back, {* welcomename *} (not you?) sign in with your account use another account ? ??{* returnprovider *} privacy policy sign in welcome back, (not you?) sign in with your account use another account ? {* #userinformationform *} {* traditionalsignin_emailaddress *} {* traditionalsignin_password *} {* traditionalsignin_signinbutton *} {* /userinformationform *} privacy policy you're almost done! complete the following form to submit your registration. {* #socialregistrationform *} {* socialregistration_firstname *} {* socialregistration_lastname *} {* socialregistration_displayname *} {* socialregistration_emailaddress *} {* registration_birthday *} terms of service {* agreetoterms *} {* socialregistration_button *} {* /socialregistrationform *} create a fox news account already have an account? sign in ? {* #registrationform *} {* traditionalregistration_firstname *} {* traditionalregistration_lastname *} {* traditionalregistration_displayname *} {* traditionalregistration_emailaddress *} {* traditionalregistration_password *} {* traditionalregistration_passwordconfirm *} {* registration_birthday *} subscribe to fox news email newsletters optional fox news morning headlines fox news top headlines fox business breaking alerts fox news breaking alerts security check {* captcha *} {* agreetoterms *} {* createaccountbutton *} {* /registrationform *} thank you for registering! once you confirm your email address you will be able to access commenting and exclusive content on all the fox news digital websites! verify your email we just sent an email to your account to verify your email address. check your inbox and click on the link to confirm your account. close forgot my password enter your current email address, and we'll send you instructions to create a new password. {* #forgotpasswordform *} {* forgotpassword_emailaddress *} {* forgotpassword_sendbutton *} {* /forgotpasswordform *} forgot my password success! you should receive an email shortly with instructions to change your password. close {* mergeaccounts {\"custom\": true} *} create a fox news account it looks like you've been here before. we already have an account for: {| current_emailaddress |} connect this session with your existing account forgot password? not you? continue creating a new account sign in to complete account merge {* #tradauthenticatemergeform *} {* traditionalsignin_emailaddress *} {* traditionalsignin_password *} {* traditionalsignin_signinbutton *} forgot password? {* /tradauthenticatemergeform *} facebooktwitterlinkedinemailsocial sharing by janrainshare on your timelineshared on your timelinethanks for sharing with your friends on facebook. share with your other networks too!start overx+4editdoneor browse friendsand 0 morex+it appears the url has been modified. restore?0editdonex+it appears the url has been modified. restore?0editdonehttp://www.foxnews.com/opinion/2014/10/02/nine-ideas-for-new-contract-with-america/undefinedconnecting to facebook failed. %tag%view error%gat%shareconnecttweet to your followersprefer a direct message? choose followersshared to twitterdirect message your followersyou can also tweet to all your followerssent to your followersthanks for sharing with your followers on twitter. share with your other networks too!start overselect your followersx+11editdoneclosedoneselected followersx+11editdoneclosedonex+4editdoneor browse followersand 0 morex+it appears the url has been modified. restore?140editdonex+url will be shortened116editdonehttp://www.foxnews.com/opinion/2014/10/02/nine-ideas-for-new-contract-with-america/undefinedconnecting to twitter failed. %tag%view error%gat%shareconnectshare with your connectionsprefer sending a message? choose connectionsshared to linkedinmessage to your connectionsyou can also share with all connectionssent to your connectionsthanks for sharing with your connections on linkedin. share with your other networks too!start overselect your connectionsx+11editdoneclosedoneselected connectionsx+11editdoneclosedonex+4editdoneor browse connectionsand 0 morex+it appears the url has been modified. restore?0editdonex+it appears the url has been modified. restore?0editdonehttp://www.foxnews.com/opinion/2014/10/02/nine-ideas-for-new-contract-with-america/undefinedsign in to your email providerconnecting to linkedin failed. %tag%view error%gat%shareconnectshare with your friends by emailemail sentthanks for sharing with your contacts via email. share with your other networks too!start overselect your contactsx+11editdoneclosedoneselected contactsx+11editdoneclosedonex+30editdoneor browse contactsand 0 morex+it appears the url has been modified. restore?0editdonex+-83editdonehttp://www.foxnews.com/opinion/2014/10/02/nine-ideas-for-new-contract-with-america/undefinedsign in to your email providerconnecting to email failed. %tag%view error%gat%connectconnectgoogleyahoo", "bull": 1}, {"raw_text": "search sign in to comment!login fox news home watch live trending video politics politics home midterm elections executive senate house of representatives defense judiciary scandals congress to-do list u.s. u.s. home crime terrorism economy immigration disasters military education environment personal freedoms regions opinion opinion home todd starnes judith miller juan williams kt mcfarland dr. keith ablow karl rove ric grenell entertainment [fox411] home celebrity news movies tv music style [fox411] video tech tech home gadgets google social military tech smartphones video games slideshows science science home archaeology air &amp; space planet earth wild nature natural science dinosaurs slideshows health health home men's health women's health children's health alternative medicine diabetes heart health allergies nutrition &amp; fitness travel travel home slideshows in 5 guides lifestyle lifestyle home auto food &amp; drink real estate recipes wine with me world world home u.n. conflicts terrorism disasters global economy environment religion scandals regions sports sports home football basketball hockey baseball college sports tennis nascar golf more sports stats on air on air home a healthy you &amp; carol alt america's news hq america's newsroom cavuto fox files fox &amp; friends first fox &amp; friends fox &amp; friends weekend fox news sunday geraldo at large greta hannity happening now huckabee justice with judge jeanine #mediabuzz outnumbered red eye w/ gutfeld shepard smith reporting special report specials sunday morning futures with maria bartiromo the cost of freedom the five the journal editorial report the kelly file the o'reilly factor the real story w/ gretchen carlson war stories more from fox news fox news fox business fox news latino fox news go fox news radio fox nation fox news insider fox news fox business fox news latino fox news go fox news radio fox nation fox news insider login menu home foxnews.com search opinion home todd starnes judith miller juan williams kt mcfarland dr. keith ablow karl rove ric grenell todd's american dispatch toll worker: boss told me not to say 'god bless you' by todd starnespublished october 02, 2014foxnews.com facebook815 twitter627 livefyre2558 email print a former new jersey toll booth worker said she was told by her supervisor to stop saying ?god bless you,? because it might offend motorists. cynthia fernandez has filed a lawsuit against the garden state parkway claiming her former boss violated her first amendment rights.advertisementadvertisement ?i was so upset, i was crying? the mother of three told me. ?there?s nothing wrong with saying ?god bless you.?? from day one she had always greeted motorists with a smile and a ?god bless.? a few weeks ago she was meeting with her supervisor when he laid down the law on her toll booth language. ?he said, ?i don?t want you to say god bless you anymore. i don?t want you to offend anybody,? fernandez said. click here to join todd on facebook! she?d only been working at the garden state parkway for about three weeks and from day one she had always greeted motorists with a smile and a ?god bless.? ?i always say it,? she said. ?have a good day, god bless.? ms. fernandez said not one person complained. ?people would tell me i?m the friendliest toll booth worker they?ve met,? she said. ms. fernandez objected to her boss?s edict and pointed out that other toll both workers were engaged in all sorts of unacceptable behavior ? like cursing and listening to the radio. ?the handbook says no phones, no foul language, no radios,? she said. ?not one line says do not say god bless.? so instead of complying with the demand, ms. fernandez decided to quit. a spokesperson for the garden state parkway told cbs new york that the christian toll booth worker resigned for a completely different reason. they said she wanted a steady shift. they also said her resignation letter made no mention of the ?god bless you? ban. ms. fernandez said there?s a reason for that. her boss told her to write a resignation letter that simply included the last day she planned to work. ?so my resignation letter i gave him was exactly what he told me to write,? she said. and for the record, the garden state parkway told cbs new york they do not have a policy banning the words ?god bless you.? so friends, this is shaping up to be a case of ?she said, he said.? hopefully, the judge hearing the ?god bless you? case will have the wisdom of solomon. as for ms. fernandez ? she?s babysitting until she can find a new job. for what it?s worth, she ended our telephone conversation with a polite, ?god bless you.? i was not offended in the least.todd starnes is host of fox news &amp; commentary, heard on hundreds of radio stations. sign up for his american dispatch newsletter, be sure to join his facebook page, and follow him on twitter. his latest book is \"god less america.\" + followfoxnewsopinion on facebook advertisement opinion video gutfeld: from cop-killer to commencement speaker (video - opinion) pres. obama gets blowback from the intelligence community (video - opinion) ignoring incompetence until today (video - opinion) gretchen's take: what's going on with the secret service? (video - opinion) gutfeld: from cop-killer to commencement speaker (video - opinion) pres. obama gets blowback from the intelligence community (video - opinion) ignoring incompetence until today (video - opinion) gretchen's take: what's going on with the secret service? (video - opinion) recommended by trending in opinion 1 if obama thinks ebola is a 'national security priority,' why no travel ban? 2 five reasons why we can all appreciate yom kippur --the jewish day of atonement 3 college orders student to 'dumb down' religious show 4 kudos to panetta for telling truth about obama and iraq 5 pumpkin spice madness see all trends opinion connect thought-provoking headlines from our top opinion contributors thank you! your subscription has been submitted. american innovation more ? low-cost baby incubator aims to boost infant health startup touts noise elimination software for mobile phones scientists proceed with caution towards new gene mutation technology fox nation ebola patient 'knew' he had virus, flew to u.s. to survive october 04, 2014 university cancels controversial sex party october 04, 2014 immigrants kicked off obamacare now suing over discrimination october 04, 2014 lena dunham: i was raped by a republican october 04, 2014 gop edge grows in final stretch october 04, 2014 advertisement ? america's election hq see the latest updates on the hottest midterm races from fox news full elections coverage ? also on the web forget about starting a chinese 'colour revolution' in hong kong, people's daily blasts (south china morning post) how ?fracking? has changed oil production (s&amp;p capital iq) iowa to tesla: stop test-driving your cars in our state (fortune) liberals try shooting guns for the first time (buzzfeed on the scene) new epa rules are leaving americans out in the cold (count on coal) bill and hillary clinton avoid estate tax they once supported (fortune) more from fox news taylor swift: why would anyone want to date me? (entertainment) pittsburgh-area psychiatric hospital refuses to treat 16-year-old school stabbings suspect (u.s.) second teacher accused of having sex with 16-year-old student (u.s.) guy discovers treasure, guards it by sleeping in car for 3 days (science) at un netanyahu challenges 'brazen lies' told by obama, abbas (opinion) midterm election strategy: republican principles for american renewal (opinion) recommended by watch now... greta: we don't need $2 million studies to prove the obvious (video - opinion) lou dobbs: obama has long history of passing the buck (video - government) george w. bush on isis threat, secret service shakeup (video - politics) greta: we don't need $2 million studies to prove the obvious (video - opinion) lou dobbs: obama has long history of passing the buck (video - government) george w. bush on isis threat, secret service shakeup (video - politics) site index sections home video politics u.s. opinion entertainment tech science health travel lifestyle world sports weather on air tools live video trending ureport newsletters alerts blogs mobile podcasts radio fox news store apps &amp; downloads about careers college students fox around the world advertise with us terms of use privacy policy ad choices contact us email newsroom faq media relations follow facebook twitter google+ linkedin rss newsletters fox news back to top this material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. ?2014 fox news network, llc. all rights reserved. all market data delayed 20 minutes. privacy - terms - faq &lt;img src=\"http://metrics.foxnews.com/b/ss/foxnews/1/h22.1--ns/1412461679212?pagename=noscript:opinion:front:article&amp;g=http://www.foxnews.com/opinion/2014/10/02/toll-worker-my-boss-told-me-to-stop-saying-god-bless/\" style=\"display:none;\" width=\"0\" height=\"0\" border=\"0\" alt=\"\"&gt; &lt;img src=\"//secure-us.imrworldwide.com/cgi-bin/m?ci=us-801796h&amp;amp;cg=0&amp;amp;cc=1&amp;amp;si=http://www.foxnews.com/opinion/2014/10/02/toll-worker-my-boss-told-me-to-stop-saying-god-bless/&amp;amp;ts=noscript&amp;amp;rnd=1412461679212\" style=\"display:none;\" width=\"0\" height=\"0\" border=\"0\" alt=\"\"&gt; &lt;img src=\"http://b.scorecardresearch.com/p?c1=2&amp;c2=9013181&amp;c3=&amp;c4=http://www.foxnews.com/opinion/2014/10/02/toll-worker-my-boss-told-me-to-stop-saying-god-bless/&amp;c5=&amp;c6=&amp;c15=&amp;cv=2.2&amp;cj=1\" style=\"display:none;\" width=\"0\" height=\"0\" border=\"0\" alt=\"\"&gt; resend email verification to sign in you must verify your email address. fill out the form below and we'll send you an email to verify. {* #resendverificationform *} {* resendverification_emailaddress *} {* newpasswordformbutton *} {* /resendverificationform *} please change your display name. your display name is unavailable. {* #postloginform1 *} {*postlogin_displayname *} {* postlogin_acceptbutton *} {* /postloginform1 *} your verification email has been sent check your email for a link to reset your password. sign in account deletion are you sure you want to permanently delete your fox news digital account? you will lose your activity history and email preferences. {* confirmdeactivateform *} {* confirmdeactivatebutton *} {* /confirmdeactivateform *} you did it! your password has been successfully changed. close change your password {* newpasswordform *} {* oldpassword *} {* newpassword *} {* newpasswordconfirm *} i forgot my password {* newpasswordformbutton *} {* /newpasswordform *} member profile don't have an account? create one now {* profilephotocustom *} {* public_displayname *} {* member_since *} {* public_city *} {* public_state *} {* public_country *} {* public_birthdate *} {* public_gender *} {* slider_public *} user stats comments ureports likes shares {* public_shares *} sign in welcome back, {* welcomename *} (not you?) sign in with your account use another account ? ??{* returnprovider *} privacy policy sign in welcome back, (not you?) sign in with your account use another account ? {* #userinformationform *} {* traditionalsignin_emailaddress *} {* traditionalsignin_password *} {* traditionalsignin_signinbutton *} {* /userinformationform *} privacy policy you're almost done! complete the following form to submit your registration. {* #socialregistrationform *} {* socialregistration_firstname *} {* socialregistration_lastname *} {* socialregistration_displayname *} {* socialregistration_emailaddress *} {* registration_birthday *} terms of service {* agreetoterms *} {* socialregistration_button *} {* /socialregistrationform *} create a fox news account already have an account? sign in ? {* #registrationform *} {* traditionalregistration_firstname *} {* traditionalregistration_lastname *} {* traditionalregistration_displayname *} {* traditionalregistration_emailaddress *} {* traditionalregistration_password *} {* traditionalregistration_passwordconfirm *} {* registration_birthday *} subscribe to fox news email newsletters optional fox news morning headlines fox news top headlines fox business breaking alerts fox news breaking alerts security check {* captcha *} {* agreetoterms *} {* createaccountbutton *} {* /registrationform *} thank you for registering! once you confirm your email address you will be able to access commenting and exclusive content on all the fox news digital websites! verify your email we just sent an email to your account to verify your email address. check your inbox and click on the link to confirm your account. close forgot my password enter your current email address, and we'll send you instructions to create a new password. {* #forgotpasswordform *} {* forgotpassword_emailaddress *} {* forgotpassword_sendbutton *} {* /forgotpasswordform *} forgot my password success! you should receive an email shortly with instructions to change your password. close {* mergeaccounts {\"custom\": true} *} create a fox news account it looks like you've been here before. we already have an account for: {| current_emailaddress |} connect this session with your existing account forgot password? not you? continue creating a new account sign in to complete account merge {* #tradauthenticatemergeform *} {* traditionalsignin_emailaddress *} {* traditionalsignin_password *} {* traditionalsignin_signinbutton *} forgot password? {* /tradauthenticatemergeform *} facebooktwitterlinkedinemailsocial sharing by janrainshare on your timelineshared on your timelinethanks for sharing with your friends on facebook. share with your other networks too!start overx+4editdoneor browse friendsand 0 morex+it appears the url has been modified. restore?0editdonex+it appears the url has been modified. restore?0editdonehttp://www.foxnews.com/opinion/2014/10/02/toll-worker-my-boss-told-me-to-stop-saying-god-bless/undefinedconnecting to facebook failed. %tag%view error%gat%shareconnecttweet to your followersprefer a direct message? choose followersshared to twitterdirect message your followersyou can also tweet to all your followerssent to your followersthanks for sharing with your followers on twitter. share with your other networks too!start overselect your followersx+11editdoneclosedoneselected followersx+11editdoneclosedonex+4editdoneor browse followersand 0 morex+it appears the url has been modified. restore?140editdonex+url will be shortened116editdonehttp://www.foxnews.com/opinion/2014/10/02/toll-worker-my-boss-told-me-to-stop-saying-god-bless/undefinedconnecting to twitter failed. %tag%view error%gat%shareconnectshare with your connectionsprefer sending a message? choose connectionsshared to linkedinmessage to your connectionsyou can also share with all connectionssent to your connectionsthanks for sharing with your connections on linkedin. share with your other networks too!start overselect your connectionsx+11editdoneclosedoneselected connectionsx+11editdoneclosedonex+4editdoneor browse connectionsand 0 morex+it appears the url has been modified. restore?0editdonex+it appears the url has been modified. restore?0editdonehttp://www.foxnews.com/opinion/2014/10/02/toll-worker-my-boss-told-me-to-stop-saying-god-bless/undefinedsign in to your email providerconnecting to linkedin failed. %tag%view error%gat%shareconnectshare with your friends by emailemail sentthanks for sharing with your contacts via email. share with your other networks too!start overselect your contactsx+11editdoneclosedoneselected contactsx+11editdoneclosedonex+30editdoneor browse contactsand 0 morex+it appears the url has been modified. restore?0editdonex+-95editdonehttp://www.foxnews.com/opinion/2014/10/02/toll-worker-my-boss-told-me-to-stop-saying-god-bless/undefinedsign in to your email providerconnecting to email failed. %tag%view error%gat%connectconnectgoogleyahoo sign in with your existing account ??facebook ??google+ ??twitter ??yahoo ??linkedin ??aol with a fox news account sign up ? email addressvalidating validating i forgot my password find answers to your questions about the fox news community in our faqs.", "bull": 1}, {"raw_text": "search sign in to comment!login fox news home watch live trending video politics politics home midterm elections executive senate house of representatives defense judiciary scandals congress to-do list u.s. u.s. home crime terrorism economy immigration disasters military education environment personal freedoms regions opinion opinion home todd starnes judith miller juan williams kt mcfarland dr. keith ablow karl rove ric grenell entertainment [fox411] home celebrity news movies tv music style [fox411] video tech tech home gadgets google social military tech smartphones video games slideshows science science home archaeology air &amp; space planet earth wild nature natural science dinosaurs slideshows health health home men's health women's health children's health alternative medicine diabetes heart health allergies nutrition &amp; fitness travel travel home slideshows in 5 guides lifestyle lifestyle home auto food &amp; drink real estate recipes wine with me world world home u.n. conflicts terrorism disasters global economy environment religion scandals regions sports sports home football basketball hockey baseball college sports tennis nascar golf more sports stats on air on air home a healthy you &amp; carol alt america's news hq america's newsroom cavuto fox files fox &amp; friends first fox &amp; friends fox &amp; friends weekend fox news sunday geraldo at large greta hannity happening now huckabee justice with judge jeanine #mediabuzz outnumbered red eye w/ gutfeld shepard smith reporting special report specials sunday morning futures with maria bartiromo the cost of freedom the five the journal editorial report the kelly file the o'reilly factor the real story w/ gretchen carlson war stories more from fox news fox news fox business fox news latino fox news go fox news radio fox nation fox news insider fox news fox business fox news latino fox news go fox news radio fox nation fox news insider menu home foxnews.com politics search politics home midterm elections executive senate house of representatives defense judiciary scandals white house biden apologizes to turkish president erdogan for saying turkey allowed foreign fighters into syria published october 04, 2014foxnews.com facebook0 twitter0 email print oct. 2, 2014: vice president biden speaks at harvard university'ss kennedy school of government in cambridge, mass.?(ap) vice president biden on saturday apologized to turkey president recep tayyip erdogan for saying the turkish leader admitted his country made mistakes by allowing foreign fighters to cross into syria. biden spoke directly to erdogan to ?clarify? comments made on thursday at harvard university and apologized for ?any implication\" that turkey or other allies had intentionally supplied or helped in the growth of the islamic state or other extremists groups in syria, the white house said.advertisementadvertisement erdogan denied making such remarks and said biden would become \"history to me\" over the comments at harvard?s kennedy school of government, in cambridge, mass., unless he fixed the situation. the speech was an especially bad event for the vice president who has a history of gaffes and unscripted, problem-causing remarks. biden also took a question from a student who identified himself as being the vice president of the student body by jokingly saying first: ain't that a b-tch? ? i mean ... excuse me, the vice president thing?? in 2010, after president obama signed the affordable care act into law on national tv, biden was caught on a live microphone saying to the president this is \"a big f---ing deal.\" biden on thursday also described erdogan as \"an old friend\" but suggested he said privately: ?you were right. we let too many people through.? turkey is now trying to seal its border. erdogan also said: \"i have never said to (biden) that we had made a mistake, never. if he did say this?, then he has to apologize to us. \"foreign fighters have never entered syria from our country. they may come to our country as tourists and cross into syria, but no one can say that they cross in with their arms.\" he said turkey had prevented 6,000 suspected jihadis from entering the country and deported another 1,000. the spat comes as turkey, a nato ally, is expected to define the role it will play in the u.s.-led coalition against the islamic state militants who have captured a swath of iraq and syria, in some cases right up to the turkish border. this week turkey's parliament approved a motion giving the government powers for military operations across the border in syria and iraq and for foreign troops to use turkey's territory. a day earlier, biden and erdogan held a telephone discussion on ways their countries can work together to degrade and destroy islamic state and restore security and stability to the region, according to the white house. at harvard, biden said that \"our biggest problem is our allies\" in responding to the civil war in syria. \"the turks ? the saudis, the emiratis, etc. what were they doing? they were so determined to take down (syrian president bashar) assad and essentially have a proxy sunni-shia war,\" biden said. \"what did they do?? he continued. ?they poured hundreds of millions of dollars and thousands of tons of weapons into anyone who would fight against assad -- except that the people who were being supplied were al nusra and al qaeda and the extremist elements of jihadis coming from other parts of the world.\" the white house also said in readout of the biden-erdogan conversation saturday: \"the two leaders reaffirmed the importance of turkey and the united states working closely together to confront isil,\" as islamic state is also known. the associated press contributed to this report. advertisement trending in politics 1 army warns us military personnel on isis threat to family members 2 biden apologizes to turkish president erdogan 3 dhs chief johnson vows to ?transform and reform? secret service, ask ?hard questions? 4 nh senate race centers on souring on obama 5 cdc still not inclined to close us points of entry, director says see all trends advertisement ? america's election hq see the latest updates on the hottest midterm races from fox news full elections coverage ? fox newspolitics politics home executive senate house of representatives defense judiciary scandals congress to-do list presidential approval approve 40% disapprove 52% more details ? congressional approval approve 13% disapprove 78% more details ? foxnews.com back to top ?2014 fox news network, llc. all rights reserved. this material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. all market data delayed 20 minutes. privacy - terms - faq &lt;img src=\"http://metrics.foxnews.com/b/ss/foxnews/1/h22.1--ns/1412462032147?pagename=noscript:politics:front:article&amp;g=http://www.foxnews.com/politics/2014/10/04/biden-apologizes-to-turkish-president-over-remarks/\" style=\"display:none;\" width=\"0\" height=\"0\" border=\"0\" alt=\"\"&gt; &lt;img src=\"//secure-us.imrworldwide.com/cgi-bin/m?ci=us-801796h&amp;amp;cg=0&amp;amp;cc=1&amp;amp;si=http://www.foxnews.com/politics/2014/10/04/biden-apologizes-to-turkish-president-over-remarks/&amp;amp;ts=noscript&amp;amp;rnd=1412462032147\" style=\"display:none;\" width=\"0\" height=\"0\" border=\"0\" alt=\"\"&gt; &lt;img src=\"http://b.scorecardresearch.com/p?c1=2&amp;c2=9013181&amp;c3=&amp;c4=http://www.foxnews.com/politics/2014/10/04/biden-apologizes-to-turkish-president-over-remarks/&amp;c5=&amp;c6=&amp;c15=&amp;cv=2.2&amp;cj=1\" style=\"display:none;\" width=\"0\" height=\"0\" border=\"0\" alt=\"\"&gt;", "bull": 1}, {"raw_text": "search sign in to comment!login fox news home watch live trending video politics politics home midterm elections executive senate house of representatives defense judiciary scandals congress to-do list u.s. u.s. home crime terrorism economy immigration disasters military education environment personal freedoms regions opinion opinion home todd starnes judith miller juan williams kt mcfarland dr. keith ablow karl rove ric grenell entertainment [fox411] home celebrity news movies tv music style [fox411] video tech tech home gadgets google social military tech smartphones video games slideshows science science home archaeology air &amp; space planet earth wild nature natural science dinosaurs slideshows health health home men's health women's health children's health alternative medicine diabetes heart health allergies nutrition &amp; fitness travel travel home slideshows in 5 guides lifestyle lifestyle home auto food &amp; drink real estate recipes wine with me world world home u.n. conflicts terrorism disasters global economy environment religion scandals regions sports sports home football basketball hockey baseball college sports tennis nascar golf more sports stats on air on air home a healthy you &amp; carol alt america's news hq america's newsroom cavuto fox files fox &amp; friends first fox &amp; friends fox &amp; friends weekend fox news sunday geraldo at large greta hannity happening now huckabee justice with judge jeanine #mediabuzz outnumbered red eye w/ gutfeld shepard smith reporting special report specials sunday morning futures with maria bartiromo the cost of freedom the five the journal editorial report the kelly file the o'reilly factor the real story w/ gretchen carlson war stories more from fox news fox news fox business fox news latino fox news go fox news radio fox nation fox news insider fox news fox business fox news latino fox news go fox news radio fox nation fox news insider menu home foxnews.com politics search health care cdc still not inclined to close us points of entry, director says published october 04, 2014foxnews.com facebook0 twitter0 livefyre email print now playing cdc director tom frieden holds press conference on ebola ? federal officials confirmed saturday that the suspected ebola patient at the district of columbia?s howard university hospital does not have the fatal disease and reiterated their top priority is protecting americans, amid widespread concerns about a confirmed ebola case in dallas. tom frieden, director for the centers for disease control and prevention, said the federal government is looking at different safety-related suggestions from capitol hill and beyond, but he suggested the key is to control the deadly virus where it started overseas, not putting a lockdown on u.s. points of entry.advertisementadvertisement ?though we might wish we can seal ourselves off from the world, there are americans that have the right of return and many other people that have the right to enter this country,? frieden said at a press conference. ??we're not going to be able to get to zero risk no matter what we do unless we control the outbreak in west africa.? the recent outbreak has killed more than 3,400 people this year in that region. frieden said saturday that officials are ?beginning to see some progress? toward controlling the outbreak, ?but it's going to be a long hard road.? the first person diagnosed with ebola in the united sates went to a dallas hospital last week but was mistakenly sent home, despite revealing he was visiting from liberia, before returning by ambulance days later. \"there were things that did not go the way they should have in dallas,\" dr. anthony fauci, infectious diseases chief at the national institutes of health, said friday. \"but there were a lot of things that went right and are going right.\" texas officials now are monitoring 50 people, 10 of whom they consider at high risk, who came into contact with the man, identified as thomas eric duncan. they've had to quarantine four of them, and even had problems getting rid of the infectious waste left in the apartment where the patient stayed. texas health officials say duncan is now in critical condition. dallas county judge clay lewis jenkins said during the saturday press conference that he took the four to a new home where they will be quarantined for 21 days. jenkins, the county top elected official, urged americans to show compassion for them, saying they are deeply concerned about the public?s health and are people ?just like in your family.? in addition to the ebola being ruled out for the district of columbia patient, a patient at a nearby suburban maryland hospital who had been in west africa and was suspected of having the virus in fact has malaria, officials also said this weekend. america's election hq see the latest updates on the hottest midterm races from fox news full elections coverage ? fox newspolitics politics home executive senate house of representatives defense judiciary scandals congress to-do list presidential approval approve 40% disapprove 52% more details ? congressional approval approve 13% disapprove 78% more details ? foxnews.com back to top ?2014 fox news network, llc. all rights reserved. this material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. all market data delayed 20 minutes. privacy - terms - faq &lt;img src=\"http://metrics.foxnews.com/b/ss/foxnews/1/h22.1--ns/1412462010946?pagename=noscript:politics:front:article&amp;g=http://www.foxnews.com/politics/2014/10/04/cdc-says-no-ebola-for-district-patient-still-not-inclined-to-close-us-points/\" style=\"display:none;\" width=\"0\" height=\"0\" border=\"0\" alt=\"\"&gt; &lt;img src=\"//secure-us.imrworldwide.com/cgi-bin/m?ci=us-801796h&amp;amp;cg=0&amp;amp;cc=1&amp;amp;si=http://www.foxnews.com/politics/2014/10/04/cdc-says-no-ebola-for-district-patient-still-not-inclined-to-close-us-points/&amp;amp;ts=noscript&amp;amp;rnd=1412462010946\" style=\"display:none;\" width=\"0\" height=\"0\" border=\"0\" alt=\"\"&gt; &lt;img src=\"http://b.scorecardresearch.com/p?c1=2&amp;c2=9013181&amp;c3=&amp;c4=http://www.foxnews.com/politics/2014/10/04/cdc-says-no-ebola-for-district-patient-still-not-inclined-to-close-us-points/&amp;c5=&amp;c6=&amp;c15=&amp;cv=2.2&amp;cj=1\" style=\"display:none;\" width=\"0\" height=\"0\" border=\"0\" alt=\"\"&gt;", "bull": 1}, {"raw_text": "search sign in to comment!login fox news home watch live trending video politics politics home midterm elections executive senate house of representatives defense judiciary scandals congress to-do list u.s. u.s. home crime terrorism economy immigration disasters military education environment personal freedoms regions opinion opinion home todd starnes judith miller juan williams kt mcfarland dr. keith ablow karl rove ric grenell entertainment [fox411] home celebrity news movies tv music style [fox411] video tech tech home gadgets google social military tech smartphones video games slideshows science science home archaeology air &amp; space planet earth wild nature natural science dinosaurs slideshows health health home men's health women's health children's health alternative medicine diabetes heart health allergies nutrition &amp; fitness travel travel home slideshows in 5 guides lifestyle lifestyle home auto food &amp; drink real estate recipes wine with me world world home u.n. conflicts terrorism disasters global economy environment religion scandals regions sports sports home football basketball hockey baseball college sports tennis nascar golf more sports stats on air on air home a healthy you &amp; carol alt america's news hq america's newsroom cavuto fox files fox &amp; friends first fox &amp; friends fox &amp; friends weekend fox news sunday geraldo at large greta hannity happening now huckabee justice with judge jeanine #mediabuzz outnumbered red eye w/ gutfeld shepard smith reporting special report specials sunday morning futures with maria bartiromo the cost of freedom the five the journal editorial report the kelly file the o'reilly factor the real story w/ gretchen carlson war stories more from fox news fox news fox business fox news latino fox news go fox news radio fox nation fox news insider fox news fox business fox news latino fox news go fox news radio fox nation fox news insider menu home foxnews.com politics search health care cdc still not inclined to close us points of entry, director says published october 04, 2014foxnews.com facebook0 twitter0 livefyre email print now playing cdc director tom frieden holds press conference on ebola ? federal officials confirmed saturday that the suspected ebola patient at the district of columbia?s howard university hospital does not have the fatal disease and reiterated their top priority is protecting americans, amid widespread concerns about a confirmed ebola case in dallas. tom frieden, director for the centers for disease control and prevention, said the federal government is looking at different safety-related suggestions from capitol hill and beyond, but he suggested the key is to control the deadly virus where it started overseas, not putting a lockdown on u.s. points of entry.advertisementadvertisement ?though we might wish we can seal ourselves off from the world, there are americans that have the right of return and many other people that have the right to enter this country,? frieden said at a press conference. ??we're not going to be able to get to zero risk no matter what we do unless we control the outbreak in west africa.? the recent outbreak has killed more than 3,400 people this year in that region. frieden said saturday that officials are ?beginning to see some progress? toward controlling the outbreak, ?but it's going to be a long hard road.? the first person diagnosed with ebola in the united sates went to a dallas hospital last week but was mistakenly sent home, despite revealing he was visiting from liberia, before returning by ambulance days later. \"there were things that did not go the way they should have in dallas,\" dr. anthony fauci, infectious diseases chief at the national institutes of health, said friday. \"but there were a lot of things that went right and are going right.\" texas officials now are monitoring 50 people, 10 of whom they consider at high risk, who came into contact with the man, identified as thomas eric duncan. they've had to quarantine four of them, and even had problems getting rid of the infectious waste left in the apartment where the patient stayed. texas health officials say duncan is now in critical condition. dallas county judge clay lewis jenkins said during the saturday press conference that he took the four to a new home where they will be quarantined for 21 days. jenkins, the county top elected official, urged americans to show compassion for them, saying they are deeply concerned about the public?s health and are people ?just like in your family.? in addition to the ebola being ruled out for the district of columbia patient, a patient at a nearby suburban maryland hospital who had been in west africa and was suspected of having the virus in fact has malaria, officials also said this weekend. america's election hq see the latest updates on the hottest midterm races from fox news full elections coverage ? fox newspolitics politics home executive senate house of representatives defense judiciary scandals congress to-do list presidential approval approve 40% disapprove 52% more details ? congressional approval approve 13% disapprove 78% more details ? foxnews.com back to top ?2014 fox news network, llc. all rights reserved. this material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. all market data delayed 20 minutes. privacy - terms - faq &lt;img src=\"http://metrics.foxnews.com/b/ss/foxnews/1/h22.1--ns/1412462010946?pagename=noscript:politics:front:article&amp;g=http://www.foxnews.com/politics/2014/10/04/cdc-says-no-ebola-for-district-patient-still-not-inclined-to-close-us-points/\" style=\"display:none;\" width=\"0\" height=\"0\" border=\"0\" alt=\"\"&gt; &lt;img src=\"//secure-us.imrworldwide.com/cgi-bin/m?ci=us-801796h&amp;amp;cg=0&amp;amp;cc=1&amp;amp;si=http://www.foxnews.com/politics/2014/10/04/cdc-says-no-ebola-for-district-patient-still-not-inclined-to-close-us-points/&amp;amp;ts=noscript&amp;amp;rnd=1412462010946\" style=\"display:none;\" width=\"0\" height=\"0\" border=\"0\" alt=\"\"&gt; &lt;img src=\"http://b.scorecardresearch.com/p?c1=2&amp;c2=9013181&amp;c3=&amp;c4=http://www.foxnews.com/politics/2014/10/04/cdc-says-no-ebola-for-district-patient-still-not-inclined-to-close-us-points/&amp;c5=&amp;c6=&amp;c15=&amp;cv=2.2&amp;cj=1\" style=\"display:none;\" width=\"0\" height=\"0\" border=\"0\" alt=\"\"&gt;", "bull": 1}, {"raw_text": "search sign in to comment!login fox news home watch live trending video politics politics home midterm elections executive senate house of representatives defense judiciary scandals congress to-do list u.s. u.s. home crime terrorism economy immigration disasters military education environment personal freedoms regions opinion opinion home todd starnes judith miller juan williams kt mcfarland dr. keith ablow karl rove ric grenell entertainment [fox411] home celebrity news movies tv music style [fox411] video tech tech home gadgets google social military tech smartphones video games slideshows science science home archaeology air &amp; space planet earth wild nature natural science dinosaurs slideshows health health home men's health women's health children's health alternative medicine diabetes heart health allergies nutrition &amp; fitness travel travel home slideshows in 5 guides lifestyle lifestyle home auto food &amp; drink real estate recipes wine with me world world home u.n. conflicts terrorism disasters global economy environment religion scandals regions sports sports home football basketball hockey baseball college sports tennis nascar golf more sports stats on air on air home a healthy you &amp; carol alt america's news hq america's newsroom cavuto fox files fox &amp; friends first fox &amp; friends fox &amp; friends weekend fox news sunday geraldo at large greta hannity happening now huckabee justice with judge jeanine #mediabuzz outnumbered red eye w/ gutfeld shepard smith reporting special report specials sunday morning futures with maria bartiromo the cost of freedom the five the journal editorial report the kelly file the o'reilly factor the real story w/ gretchen carlson war stories more from fox news fox news fox business fox news latino fox news go fox news radio fox nation fox news insider fox news fox business fox news latino fox news go fox news radio fox nation fox news insider menu home foxnews.com politics search politics home midterm elections executive senate house of representatives defense judiciary scandals threats obama team circles wagons as panetta hits white house on iraq, syria and more published october 03, 2014foxnews.com facebook0 twitter0 livefyre email print now playing state department on defense over panetta's iraq criticism ? the obama administration found itself on defense friday after former defense secretary leon panetta criticized the white house for its policies on iraq, with the state department and others publicly disputing his claims.? panetta chided the president's team in his forthcoming memoir, excerpts of which have been published in the media. he alleges the white house didn't try hard enough to strike a deal with iraq in 2011 to leave a residual force of u.s. troops behind, in turn opening the door for the region to become a haven for the islamic state.?advertisementadvertisement in newly published excerpts, he also criticized the administration over its policies toward syria.? but speaking with fox news on friday, state department spokeswoman jen psaki claimed iraqi officials simply did not want u.s. troops to remain after 2011 and no amount of extra prodding by the white house could have made the difference.? \"it wouldn't have changed the circumstance we're in today,\" she said. \"it would not have mattered. they did not want to have troops in iraq.\"? vice president biden also appeared to take a swipe at the book during a talk thursday at harvard kennedy school.? \"i'm finding that former administration officials as soon as they leave write books, which i think is inappropriate,\" biden said, to laughter. \"no i'm serious -- i do think it's inappropriate. at least, you know, give the guy a chance to get out of office.\"? despite psaki's comments, panetta was adamant in his book that there was an opportunity to strike a deal with the iraqis that could have kept u.s. troops in the country.? he claimed iraqi leaders privately wanted some u.s. forces to stay behind, though they would not say so publicly.? \"but,\" he wrote, \"the president's team at the white house pushed back, and the differences occasionally became heated. ... and those on our side viewed the white house as so eager to rid itself of iraq that it was willing to withdraw rather than lock in arrangements that would preserve our influence and interests.\"? he said the negotiations with then-prime minister nouri al-maliki went down to the wire in december 2011, but the white house never stepped up.? \"to my frustration, the white house coordinated the negotiations but never really led them,\" panetta charged, in excerpts published by time.? on fox news, psaki suggested that such a small residual force might not have made much difference anyway. she also repeated the claim -- disputed by many republicans in congress -- that few anticipated the security situation would deteriorate so badly.? \"no one anticipated that the iraqi security forces would have been unwilling to fight,\" she said. \"nobody anticipated that isil would be as strong.\"? the daily beast published additional excerpts of the memoir on friday in which panetta criticized the president for striking an agreement to shelve attacks on the assad regime in exchange for him turning over chemical weapons -- after obama drew a \"red line\" on their use that assad allegedly crossed.? \"the result, i felt, was a blow to american credibility. when the president as commander in chief draws a red line, it is critical that he act if the line is crossed,\" panetta wrote. he criticized what he saw as \"hesitation and half steps\" in dealing with syrian rebels. ? panetta, who worked in top positions in the clinton white house, also described the obama administration as far different in the way it operates.? \"far more than in previous administrations that i'd witnessed-certainly more than in clinton's when i'd been near the center of the action-president obama's decision-making apparatus was centralized in the white house,\" he reportedly wrote.? panetta also said he opposed the controversial trade of american soldier bowe bergdahl for five taliban commanders at guantanamo bay. he said he did not believe the taliban were \"sincere\" about reconciling with the afghan government and, \"i did not believe it was fair to trade five for one.\"? panetta was director of the cia from 2009-2011, and secretary of defense from 2011-2013.? americas-newsroom bill hemmer and martha maccallum bring you the news that matters to you! click here for more info on the show advertisement more on this... who is to blame for the expansion of isis? trending in politics 1 army warns us military personnel on isis threat to family members 2 biden apologizes to turkish president erdogan 3 dhs chief johnson vows to ?transform and reform? secret service, ask ?hard questions? 4 nh senate race centers on souring on obama 5 cdc still not inclined to close us points of entry, director says see all trends advertisement ? america's election hq see the latest updates on the hottest midterm races from fox news full elections coverage ? fox newspolitics politics home executive senate house of representatives defense judiciary scandals congress to-do list presidential approval approve 40% disapprove 52% more details ? congressional approval approve 13% disapprove 78% more details ? foxnews.com back to top ?2014 fox news network, llc. all rights reserved. this material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. all market data delayed 20 minutes. privacy - terms - faq &lt;img src=\"http://metrics.foxnews.com/b/ss/foxnews/1/h22.1--ns/1412462046341?pagename=noscript:politics:subsection:article&amp;g=http://www.foxnews.com/politics/2014/10/03/obama-team-circles-wagons-as-panetta-hits-white-house-on-iraq-syria-and-more/\" style=\"display:none;\" width=\"0\" height=\"0\" border=\"0\" alt=\"\"&gt; &lt;img src=\"//secure-us.imrworldwide.com/cgi-bin/m?ci=us-801796h&amp;amp;cg=0&amp;amp;cc=1&amp;amp;si=http://www.foxnews.com/politics/2014/10/03/obama-team-circles-wagons-as-panetta-hits-white-house-on-iraq-syria-and-more/&amp;amp;ts=noscript&amp;amp;rnd=1412462046341\" style=\"display:none;\" width=\"0\" height=\"0\" border=\"0\" alt=\"\"&gt; &lt;img src=\"http://b.scorecardresearch.com/p?c1=2&amp;c2=9013181&amp;c3=&amp;c4=http://www.foxnews.com/politics/2014/10/03/obama-team-circles-wagons-as-panetta-hits-white-house-on-iraq-syria-and-more/&amp;c5=&amp;c6=&amp;c15=&amp;cv=2.2&amp;cj=1\" style=\"display:none;\" width=\"0\" height=\"0\" border=\"0\" alt=\"\"&gt;", "bull": 1}, {"raw_text": "3 ways crooks attack on public wi-fi | fox news search sign in to comment!login fox news home watch live trending video politics politics home midterm elections executive senate house of representatives defense judiciary scandals congress to-do list u.s. u.s. home crime terrorism economy immigration disasters military education environment personal freedoms regions opinion opinion home todd starnes judith miller juan williams kt mcfarland dr. keith ablow karl rove ric grenell entertainment [fox411] home celebrity news movies tv music style [fox411] video tech tech home gadgets google social military tech smartphones video games slideshows science science home archaeology air &amp; space planet earth wild nature natural science dinosaurs slideshows health health home men's health women's health children's health alternative medicine diabetes heart health allergies nutrition &amp; fitness travel travel home slideshows in 5 guides lifestyle lifestyle home auto food &amp; drink real estate recipes wine with me world world home u.n. conflicts terrorism disasters global economy environment religion scandals regions sports sports home football basketball hockey baseball college sports tennis nascar golf more sports stats on air on air home a healthy you &amp; carol alt america's news hq america's newsroom cavuto fox files fox &amp; friends first fox &amp; friends fox &amp; friends weekend fox news sunday geraldo at large greta hannity happening now huckabee justice with judge jeanine #mediabuzz outnumbered red eye w/ gutfeld shepard smith reporting special report specials sunday morning futures with maria bartiromo the cost of freedom the five the journal editorial report the kelly file the o'reilly factor the real story w/ gretchen carlson war stories more from fox news fox news fox business fox news latino fox news go fox news radio fox nation fox news insider fox news fox business fox news latino fox news go fox news radio fox nation fox news insider login menu home foxnews.com search home gadgets google social military tech smartphones video games slideshows wifi 3 ways crooks attack on public wi-fi by kim komandopublished october 04, 2014the kim komando show facebook116 twitter106 livefyre0 email print a woman walks past a wifi-enabled phone booth in new york.?(reuters/keith bedford) when you're on the go and running out of data on your cellular plan, finding free public wi-fi is like getting a fantastic present on christmas morning but unlike a christmas present, free public wi-fi comes with a cost. no, not your firstborn child (although some people in london agreed to do just that). i'm talking about security.advertisementadvertisement you can find free wi-fi hotspots everywhere, and you can even scout them out before you travel using an app like free wi-fi finder. just keep in mind that crooks have several ways to snag your information when you?re using a wi-fi hotspot. i'm going to tell you three of the most popular methods, and how to protect yourself. 1. honeypot wi-fi networks most free wi-fi comes courtesy of a coffee shop or hotel. (see if your prospective hotel has fast wi-fi.) but that free network might actually be a hacker-run router. hackers have no problem setting up a router in a public area and naming it something like \"coffee shop wi-fi\" or \"free hotel wi-fi.\" it might even use the name of a business in the area. plenty of people will connect without thinking. even worse, a hacker might set up next to a legitimate wi-fi network and give his network the same name. even if you spot the duplication in the network list, you won't know which one is safe. once you connect to the hacker's network, he can start probing your gadget for weaknesses and slip in viruses or spy on your browsing. he can also redirect your browsing so you end up on malicious websites. how do you stay safe? well, staying off public wi-fi is the safest option, but that kind of misses the point. instead, make sure you check with the business you're visiting to verify the name of the wi-fi network ? many places will require you to get a password anyway. then, make sure you scroll through the list of networks in the area. if you spot more than one with the same name, let the business know. in most cases, it will be because the business has a dual-band wi-fi router that creates two networks ? one at 2.4ghz and one at 5ghz. you can't be too careful, though. make sure your gadget's operating system is up to date, along with the browser (see if your browser needs updating) and security software. that way, there won't be holes for hackers to exploit. you can also grab a vpn app to encrypt your internet connection. that way, hackers won't be able to snoop on what you're sending and receiving. click here for a popular vpn and other ways to keep info thieves off your gadget. 2. packet sniffing of course, you don't have to connect to hackers' routers for them to snoop. being on the same legitimate network is enough to cause trouble, thanks to packet sniffing. when you send and receive data over the internet, the information is sent in millions of tiny packets. hackers use packet sniffers to intercept these packets and read them to see what you're doing. that includes snagging usernames and passwords, reading your email, texts or social media posts and seeing what sites you're visiting. this takes some tweaked hardware and special software, but it isn't anything a halfway competent hacker can't put together. to protect yourself, you can use a vpn app or site to create an encrypted connection, as i mentioned above. you'll also want to avoid visiting important sites, such as banking sites, on public wi-fi. if you must bank on the go, use the bank's app on your smartphone or tablet over a cellular connection. click here for the most critical steps you need to take for secure online banking. 3. shared folders most people use wi-fi networks to access the internet, and it's easy to forget that the whole point of networking is to share information among computers or gadgets on the same network. if your gadget is set to share folders automatically, then anyone ? not just a hacker ? can see what you're sharing. fortunately, windows vista, 7 and 8 make it simple to automate your sharing settings. when connecting to a public hotspot for the first time, windows asks for a location type. make sure you set it to \"public.\" this will automatically modify sharing settings for maximum safety. click here for a program that can tell you more about your sharing and other potentially vulnerable windows settings. on a mac, go to system preferences&gt;&gt;sharing and make sure all the sharing boxes are unchecked. you'll have to turn on the controls again when you want to share files on your home or work network. for now, you don't really need to worry about this on a smartphone or tablet. of course, it works the other way. an enterprising hacker or prankster might share a \"honeypot\" folder on a public network. if your computer is connected, you might see it under your \"shared\" folders and be fooled into opening it. let's say a hacker names a file \"sexyphoto.jpg\" or \"diary.txt\" ? you know some people are going to open them. but they could actually be viruses in disguise that infect your computer.? when it comes to file sharing on public wi-fi, the rule is: share nothing and don't be nosy. i said in the beginning that these were the three most popular ways hackers attack. click here to learn even more ways to stay safe when using public wi-fi. on the kim komando show, the nation's largest weekend radio talk show, kim takes calls and dispenses advice on today's digital lifestyle, from smartphones and tablets to online privacy and data hacks. for her daily tips, free newsletters and more, visit her website at komando.com. kim also posts breaking tech news 24/7 at news.komando.com. advertisement tech video gadgets for the world traveler (video - tech) is ello a facebook killer? (video - tech) gadgets for the head (video - tech) a wearable that doesn't need a smartphone companion? (video - tech) gadgets for the world traveler (video - tech) is ello a facebook killer? (video - tech) gadgets for the head (video - tech) a wearable that doesn't need a smartphone companion? (video - tech) recommended by trending in tech 1 3 ways crooks attack on public wi-fi 2 has derek jeter hit a social media home run? 3 jp morgan chase hack: 4 steps you must do now 4 man allegedly shoots down neighbor?s drone with shotgun 5 beware craigslist dangers, security experts warn see all trends scitech connect subscribe to the daily geek sheet for top science and technology stories thank you! your subscription has been submitted. from our partners3 ways crooks attack on public wi-fifox news techhas derek jeter hit a social media home run?fox news techiphone 6 vs galaxy note 3 bend test reveals clear winnergotta be mobilehas derek jeter hit a social media home run?fox news tech advertisement ? sponsored stories you may like two black teens found dead &amp; media is focusing on the wrong things! hello beautiful wal-mart spokesman resigns over lie on resume fortune the disaster recovery solution you should know about vmware a california tech home that will make you want to renovate digital dialogue two black teens found dead &amp; media is focusing on the wrong things! hello beautiful wal-mart spokesman resigns over lie on resume fortune the disaster recovery solution you should know about vmware a california tech home that will make you want to renovate digital dialogue recommended by america's election hq see the latest updates on the hottest midterm races from fox news full elections coverage ? iphone 6 vs galaxy note 3 bend test reveals clear winnercan an iphone 6 plus replace your ipad mini with retina?don?t turn on this ios 8 feature yetios 8.0.2 on iphone 5s reviewhow to use microsoft office for free site index sections home video politics u.s. opinion entertainment tech science health travel lifestyle world sports weather on air tools live video trending ureport newsletters alerts blogs mobile podcasts radio fox news store apps &amp; downloads about careers college students fox around the world advertise with us terms of use privacy policy ad choices contact us email newsroom faq media relations follow facebook twitter google+ linkedin rss newsletters fox news back to top this material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. ?2014 fox news network, llc. all rights reserved. all market data delayed 20 minutes. privacy - terms - faq &lt;img src=\"http://metrics.foxnews.com/b/ss/foxnews/1/h22.1--ns/1412461709483?pagename=noscript:tech:front:article&amp;g=http://www.foxnews.com/tech/2014/10/03/3-ways-crooks-attack-on-public-wi-fi/\" style=\"display:none;\" width=\"0\" height=\"0\" border=\"0\" alt=\"\"&gt; &lt;img src=\"//secure-us.imrworldwide.com/cgi-bin/m?ci=us-801796h&amp;amp;cg=0&amp;amp;cc=1&amp;amp;si=http://www.foxnews.com/tech/2014/10/03/3-ways-crooks-attack-on-public-wi-fi/&amp;amp;ts=noscript&amp;amp;rnd=1412461709483\" style=\"display:none;\" width=\"0\" height=\"0\" border=\"0\" alt=\"\"&gt; &lt;img src=\"http://b.scorecardresearch.com/p?c1=2&amp;c2=9013181&amp;c3=&amp;c4=http://www.foxnews.com/tech/2014/10/03/3-ways-crooks-attack-on-public-wi-fi/&amp;c5=&amp;c6=&amp;c15=&amp;cv=2.2&amp;cj=1\" style=\"display:none;\" width=\"0\" height=\"0\" border=\"0\" alt=\"\"&gt; resend email verification to sign in you must verify your email address. fill out the form below and we'll send you an email to verify. {* #resendverificationform *} {* resendverification_emailaddress *} {* newpasswordformbutton *} {* /resendverificationform *} please change your display name. your display name is unavailable. {* #postloginform1 *} {*postlogin_displayname *} {* postlogin_acceptbutton *} {* /postloginform1 *} your verification email has been sent check your email for a link to reset your password. sign in account deletion are you sure you want to permanently delete your fox news digital account? you will lose your activity history and email preferences. {* confirmdeactivateform *} {* confirmdeactivatebutton *} {* /confirmdeactivateform *} you did it! your password has been successfully changed. close change your password {* newpasswordform *} {* oldpassword *} {* newpassword *} {* newpasswordconfirm *} i forgot my password {* newpasswordformbutton *} {* /newpasswordform *} member profile don't have an account? create one now {* profilephotocustom *} {* public_displayname *} {* member_since *} {* public_city *} {* public_state *} {* public_country *} {* public_birthdate *} {* public_gender *} {* slider_public *} user stats comments ureports likes shares {* public_shares *} sign in with your existing account ??facebook ??google+ ??twitter ??yahoo ??linkedin ??aol with a fox news account sign up ? {* #userinformationform *} {* traditionalsignin_emailaddress *} {* traditionalsignin_password *} i forgot my password {* traditionalsignin_signinbutton *} {* /userinformationform *} find answers to your questions about the fox news community in our faqs. sign in welcome back, {* welcomename *} (not you?) sign in with your account use another account ? ??{* returnprovider *} privacy policy sign in welcome back, (not you?) sign in with your account use another account ? {* #userinformationform *} {* traditionalsignin_emailaddress *} {* traditionalsignin_password *} {* traditionalsignin_signinbutton *} {* /userinformationform *} privacy policy you're almost done! complete the following form to submit your registration. {* #socialregistrationform *} {* socialregistration_firstname *} {* socialregistration_lastname *} {* socialregistration_displayname *} {* socialregistration_emailaddress *} {* registration_birthday *} terms of service {* agreetoterms *} {* socialregistration_button *} {* /socialregistrationform *} create a fox news account already have an account? sign in ? {* #registrationform *} {* traditionalregistration_firstname *} {* traditionalregistration_lastname *} {* traditionalregistration_displayname *} {* traditionalregistration_emailaddress *} {* traditionalregistration_password *} {* traditionalregistration_passwordconfirm *} {* registration_birthday *} subscribe to fox news email newsletters optional fox news morning headlines fox news top headlines fox business breaking alerts fox news breaking alerts security check {* captcha *} {* agreetoterms *} {* createaccountbutton *} {* /registrationform *} thank you for registering! once you confirm your email address you will be able to access commenting and exclusive content on all the fox news digital websites! verify your email we just sent an email to your account to verify your email address. check your inbox and click on the link to confirm your account. close forgot my password enter your current email address, and we'll send you instructions to create a new password. {* #forgotpasswordform *} {* forgotpassword_emailaddress *} {* forgotpassword_sendbutton *} {* /forgotpasswordform *} forgot my password success! you should receive an email shortly with instructions to change your password. close {* mergeaccounts {\"custom\": true} *} create a fox news account it looks like you've been here before. we already have an account for: {| current_emailaddress |} connect this session with your existing account forgot password? not you? continue creating a new account sign in to complete account merge {* #tradauthenticatemergeform *} {* traditionalsignin_emailaddress *} {* traditionalsignin_password *} {* traditionalsignin_signinbutton *} forgot password? {* /tradauthenticatemergeform *} facebooktwitterlinkedinemailsocial sharing by janrainshare on your timelineshared on your timelinethanks for sharing with your friends on facebook. share with your other networks too!start overx+4editdoneor browse friendsand 0 morex+it appears the url has been modified. restore?0editdonex+it appears the url has been modified. restore?0editdonehttp://www.foxnews.com/tech/2014/10/03/3-ways-crooks-attack-on-public-wi-fi/undefinedconnecting to facebook failed. %tag%view error%gat%shareconnecttweet to your followersprefer a direct message? choose followersshared to twitterdirect message your followersyou can also tweet to all your followerssent to your followersthanks for sharing with your followers on twitter. share with your other networks too!start overselect your followersx+11editdoneclosedoneselected followersx+11editdoneclosedonex+4editdoneor browse followersand 0 morex+it appears the url has been modified. restore?140editdonex+url will be shortened116editdonehttp://www.foxnews.com/tech/2014/10/03/3-ways-crooks-attack-on-public-wi-fi/undefinedconnecting to twitter failed. %tag%view error%gat%shareconnectshare with your connectionsprefer sending a message? choose connectionsshared to linkedinmessage to your connectionsyou can also share with all connectionssent to your connectionsthanks for sharing with your connections on linkedin. share with your other networks too!start overselect your connectionsx+11editdoneclosedoneselected connectionsx+11editdoneclosedonex+4editdoneor browse connectionsand 0 morex+it appears the url has been modified. restore?0editdonex+it appears the url has been modified. restore?0editdonehttp://www.foxnews.com/tech/2014/10/03/3-ways-crooks-attack-on-public-wi-fi/undefinedsign in to your email providerconnecting to linkedin failed. %tag%view error%gat%shareconnectshare with your friends by emailemail sentthanks for sharing with your contacts via email. share with your other networks too!start overselect your contactsx+11editdoneclosedoneselected contactsx+11editdoneclosedonex+30editdoneor browse contactsand 0 morex+it appears the url has been modified. restore?0editdonex+-76editdonehttp://www.foxnews.com/tech/2014/10/03/3-ways-crooks-attack-on-public-wi-fi/undefinedsign in to your email providerconnecting to email failed. %tag%view error%gat%connectconnectgoogleyahoo", "bull": 1}, {"raw_text": "how do i stop robocalls and telemarketers? | fox news search sign in to comment!login fox news home watch live trending video politics politics home midterm elections executive senate house of representatives defense judiciary scandals congress to-do list u.s. u.s. home crime terrorism economy immigration disasters military education environment personal freedoms regions opinion opinion home todd starnes judith miller juan williams kt mcfarland dr. keith ablow karl rove ric grenell entertainment [fox411] home celebrity news movies tv music style [fox411] video tech tech home gadgets google social military tech smartphones video games slideshows science science home archaeology air &amp; space planet earth wild nature natural science dinosaurs slideshows health health home men's health women's health children's health alternative medicine diabetes heart health allergies nutrition &amp; fitness travel travel home slideshows in 5 guides lifestyle lifestyle home auto food &amp; drink real estate recipes wine with me world world home u.n. conflicts terrorism disasters global economy environment religion scandals regions sports sports home football basketball hockey baseball college sports tennis nascar golf more sports stats on air on air home a healthy you &amp; carol alt america's news hq america's newsroom cavuto fox files fox &amp; friends first fox &amp; friends fox &amp; friends weekend fox news sunday geraldo at large greta hannity happening now huckabee justice with judge jeanine #mediabuzz outnumbered red eye w/ gutfeld shepard smith reporting special report specials sunday morning futures with maria bartiromo the cost of freedom the five the journal editorial report the kelly file the o'reilly factor the real story w/ gretchen carlson war stories more from fox news fox news fox business fox news latino fox news go fox news radio fox nation fox news insider fox news fox business fox news latino fox news go fox news radio fox nation fox news insider login menu home foxnews.com search home gadgets google social military tech smartphones video games slideshows cellular how do i stop robocalls and telemarketers? by maggie shaderpublished october 04, 2014consumer reports facebook3 twitter6 email print q. we were delighted to use the phone number consumer reports published to eliminate robocalls; we?re pretty sure it worked, too. but how do i get real people to stop calling at dinnertime? could it be that putting your name on a do-not-call list indicates that there?s a live person at the end of the number??brent harward, austin, tx a. signing up for the do not call registry should protect you from unwanted telemarketing calls: that includes live calls from real people and ?robocalls,? which use recorded messages or automatic dialers for live people to reach you. companies are required to check the national do not call registry; if your name is listed, they?re prohibited from contacting you.advertisementadvertisement but certain companies and scammers ignore the list, and technological changes are making it easier for callers to harass you and to cover their tracks with phony caller ids. consumer reports is pushing federal regulators to step up efforts to enforce the rules and to punish callers who disregard them. in the meantime, the best way to help reduce those intrusions is still to add your information to the national do not call list at donotcall.gov or 888-382-1222. the free service works for residential and wireless numbers; once you sign up, your number remains on the list as long as your phone is in use?unless you decide to opt out. for more information, read our report on fcc rules that aim to stop annoying telemarketing tactics. send your questions to?consumerreports.org/askourexperts. this article also appeared in the november 2014 issue of?consumer reports?magazine. copyright ? 2005-2014 consumers union of u.s., inc. no reproduction, in whole or in part, without written permission. consumer reports has no relationship with any advertisers on this site. advertisement more from consumer reports3 weak password strategies and 1 that works5 best software packages to keep information theives away5 best small appliances from consumer reports' teststhe most fuel-efficient suvs4 terrific electronics products you can actually afford tech video is ello a facebook killer? (video - tech) moving? use cell phone to save time, money (video - tech) gadgets for the head (video - tech) gadgets for the world traveler (video - tech) is ello a facebook killer? (video - tech) moving? use cell phone to save time, money (video - tech) gadgets for the head (video - tech) gadgets for the world traveler (video - tech) recommended by trending in tech 1 3 ways crooks attack on public wi-fi 2 has derek jeter hit a social media home run? 3 jp morgan chase hack: 4 steps you must do now 4 man allegedly shoots down neighbor?s drone with shotgun 5 beware craigslist dangers, security experts warn see all trends scitech connect subscribe to the daily geek sheet for top science and technology stories thank you! your subscription has been submitted. from our partners3 ways crooks attack on public wi-fifox news techhas derek jeter hit a social media home run?fox news techiphone 6 vs galaxy note 3 bend test reveals clear winnergotta be mobilehas derek jeter hit a social media home run?fox news tech advertisement ? sponsored stories you may like gm slams the brakes on corvette sales fortune former olympic swimmer in fight of life after being paralyzed in atv? edge if you love tv, you will love this tv technology yahoo! why rich people use credit cards to get ahead nextadvisor daily gm slams the brakes on corvette sales fortune former olympic swimmer in fight of life after being paralyzed in atv? edge if you love tv, you will love this tv technology yahoo! why rich people use credit cards to get ahead nextadvisor daily recommended by america's election hq see the latest updates on the hottest midterm races from fox news full elections coverage ? also on the web 10 most corrupt states in america (fortune) new software means you no longer need a human financial advisor. (business insider) what makes customers mad? how speech analytics helps (my call finder) 9 amazing military technologies that will change warfare (kiplinger) on eve of nato summit, general dynamics lands $5.8 billion u.k. order (fortune) why most small businesses and consultants fail (gentle rain marketing) more from fox news man with implanted horns to jury that convicted him of murder: i'll see you all in hell (u.s.) fox news poll: voters reveal which state they want kicked out of the union (politics) college student who plunged to death on cruise was watching miami sunrise (u.s.) second teacher accused of having sex with 16-year-old student (u.s.) man allegedly shoots down neighbor?s drone with shotgun (tech) new google messaging app rumored for 2015, with no google account needed (tech) recommended by iphone 6 vs galaxy note 3 bend test reveals clear winnercan an iphone 6 plus replace your ipad mini with retina?don?t turn on this ios 8 feature yetios 8.0.2 on iphone 5s reviewhow to use microsoft office for free site index sections home video politics u.s. opinion entertainment tech science health travel lifestyle world sports weather on air tools live video trending ureport newsletters alerts blogs mobile podcasts radio fox news store apps &amp; downloads about careers college students fox around the world advertise with us terms of use privacy policy ad choices contact us email newsroom faq media relations follow facebook twitter google+ linkedin rss newsletters fox news back to top this material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. ?2014 fox news network, llc. all rights reserved. all market data delayed 20 minutes. privacy - terms - faq &lt;img src=\"http://metrics.foxnews.com/b/ss/foxnews/1/h22.1--ns/1412462211867?pagename=noscript:tech:subsection:article&amp;g=http://www.foxnews.com/tech/2014/10/04/how-do-stop-robocalls-and-telemarketers/\" style=\"display:none;\" width=\"0\" height=\"0\" border=\"0\" alt=\"\"&gt; &lt;img src=\"//secure-us.imrworldwide.com/cgi-bin/m?ci=us-801796h&amp;amp;cg=0&amp;amp;cc=1&amp;amp;si=http://www.foxnews.com/tech/2014/10/04/how-do-stop-robocalls-and-telemarketers/&amp;amp;ts=noscript&amp;amp;rnd=1412462211867\" style=\"display:none;\" width=\"0\" height=\"0\" border=\"0\" alt=\"\"&gt; &lt;img src=\"http://b.scorecardresearch.com/p?c1=2&amp;c2=9013181&amp;c3=&amp;c4=http://www.foxnews.com/tech/2014/10/04/how-do-stop-robocalls-and-telemarketers/&amp;c5=&amp;c6=&amp;c15=&amp;cv=2.2&amp;cj=1\" style=\"display:none;\" width=\"0\" height=\"0\" border=\"0\" alt=\"\"&gt; resend email verification to sign in you must verify your email address. fill out the form below and we'll send you an email to verify. {* #resendverificationform *} {* resendverification_emailaddress *} {* newpasswordformbutton *} {* /resendverificationform *} please change your display name. your display name is unavailable. {* #postloginform1 *} {*postlogin_displayname *} {* postlogin_acceptbutton *} {* /postloginform1 *} your verification email has been sent check your email for a link to reset your password. sign in account deletion are you sure you want to permanently delete your fox news digital account? you will lose your activity history and email preferences. {* confirmdeactivateform *} {* confirmdeactivatebutton *} {* /confirmdeactivateform *} you did it! your password has been successfully changed. close change your password {* newpasswordform *} {* oldpassword *} {* newpassword *} {* newpasswordconfirm *} i forgot my password {* newpasswordformbutton *} {* /newpasswordform *} member profile don't have an account? create one now {* profilephotocustom *} {* public_displayname *} {* member_since *} {* public_city *} {* public_state *} {* public_country *} {* public_birthdate *} {* public_gender *} {* slider_public *} user stats comments ureports likes shares {* public_shares *} sign in with your existing account ??facebook ??google+ ??twitter ??yahoo ??linkedin ??aol with a fox news account sign up ? {* #userinformationform *} {* traditionalsignin_emailaddress *} {* traditionalsignin_password *} i forgot my password {* traditionalsignin_signinbutton *} {* /userinformationform *} find answers to your questions about the fox news community in our faqs. sign in welcome back, {* welcomename *} (not you?) sign in with your account use another account ? ??{* returnprovider *} privacy policy sign in welcome back, (not you?) sign in with your account use another account ? {* #userinformationform *} {* traditionalsignin_emailaddress *} {* traditionalsignin_password *} {* traditionalsignin_signinbutton *} {* /userinformationform *} privacy policy you're almost done! complete the following form to submit your registration. {* #socialregistrationform *} {* socialregistration_firstname *} {* socialregistration_lastname *} {* socialregistration_displayname *} {* socialregistration_emailaddress *} {* registration_birthday *} terms of service {* agreetoterms *} {* socialregistration_button *} {* /socialregistrationform *} create a fox news account already have an account? sign in ? {* #registrationform *} {* traditionalregistration_firstname *} {* traditionalregistration_lastname *} {* traditionalregistration_displayname *} {* traditionalregistration_emailaddress *} {* traditionalregistration_password *} {* traditionalregistration_passwordconfirm *} {* registration_birthday *} subscribe to fox news email newsletters optional fox news morning headlines fox news top headlines fox business breaking alerts fox news breaking alerts security check {* captcha *} {* agreetoterms *} {* createaccountbutton *} {* /registrationform *} thank you for registering! once you confirm your email address you will be able to access commenting and exclusive content on all the fox news digital websites! verify your email we just sent an email to your account to verify your email address. check your inbox and click on the link to confirm your account. close forgot my password enter your current email address, and we'll send you instructions to create a new password. {* #forgotpasswordform *} {* forgotpassword_emailaddress *} {* forgotpassword_sendbutton *} {* /forgotpasswordform *} forgot my password success! you should receive an email shortly with instructions to change your password. close {* mergeaccounts {\"custom\": true} *} create a fox news account it looks like you've been here before. we already have an account for: {| current_emailaddress |} connect this session with your existing account forgot password? not you? continue creating a new account sign in to complete account merge {* #tradauthenticatemergeform *} {* traditionalsignin_emailaddress *} {* traditionalsignin_password *} {* traditionalsignin_signinbutton *} forgot password? {* /tradauthenticatemergeform *} facebooktwitterlinkedinemailsocial sharing by janrainshare on your timelineshared on your timelinethanks for sharing with your friends on facebook. share with your other networks too!start overx+4editdoneor browse friendsand 0 morex+it appears the url has been modified. restore?0editdonex+it appears the url has been modified. restore?0editdonehttp://www.foxnews.com/tech/2014/10/04/how-do-stop-robocalls-and-telemarketers/undefinedconnecting to facebook failed. %tag%view error%gat%shareconnecttweet to your followersprefer a direct message? choose followersshared to twitterdirect message your followersyou can also tweet to all your followerssent to your followersthanks for sharing with your followers on twitter. share with your other networks too!start overselect your followersx+11editdoneclosedoneselected followersx+11editdoneclosedonex+4editdoneor browse followersand 0 morex+it appears the url has been modified. restore?140editdonex+url will be shortened116editdonehttp://www.foxnews.com/tech/2014/10/04/how-do-stop-robocalls-and-telemarketers/undefinedconnecting to twitter failed. %tag%view error%gat%shareconnectshare with your connectionsprefer sending a message? choose connectionsshared to linkedinmessage to your connectionsyou can also share with all connectionssent to your connectionsthanks for sharing with your connections on linkedin. share with your other networks too!start overselect your connectionsx+11editdoneclosedoneselected connectionsx+11editdoneclosedonex+4editdoneor browse connectionsand 0 morex+it appears the url has been modified. restore?0editdonex+it appears the url has been modified. restore?0editdonehttp://www.foxnews.com/tech/2014/10/04/how-do-stop-robocalls-and-telemarketers/undefinedsign in to your email providerconnecting to linkedin failed. %tag%view error%gat%shareconnectshare with your friends by emailemail sentthanks for sharing with your contacts via email. share with your other networks too!start overselect your contactsx+11editdoneclosedoneselected contactsx+11editdoneclosedonex+30editdoneor browse contactsand 0 morex+it appears the url has been modified. restore?0editdonex+-79editdonehttp://www.foxnews.com/tech/2014/10/04/how-do-stop-robocalls-and-telemarketers/undefinedsign in to your email providerconnecting to email failed. %tag%view error%gat%connectconnectgoogleyahoo", "bull": 1}, {"raw_text": "has derek jeter hit a social media home run? | fox news search sign in to comment!login fox news home watch live trending video politics politics home midterm elections executive senate house of representatives defense judiciary scandals congress to-do list u.s. u.s. home crime terrorism economy immigration disasters military education environment personal freedoms regions opinion opinion home todd starnes judith miller juan williams kt mcfarland dr. keith ablow karl rove ric grenell entertainment [fox411] home celebrity news movies tv music style [fox411] video tech tech home gadgets google social military tech smartphones video games slideshows science science home archaeology air &amp; space planet earth wild nature natural science dinosaurs slideshows health health home men's health women's health children's health alternative medicine diabetes heart health allergies nutrition &amp; fitness travel travel home slideshows in 5 guides lifestyle lifestyle home auto food &amp; drink real estate recipes wine with me world world home u.n. conflicts terrorism disasters global economy environment religion scandals regions sports sports home football basketball hockey baseball college sports tennis nascar golf more sports stats on air on air home a healthy you &amp; carol alt america's news hq america's newsroom cavuto fox files fox &amp; friends first fox &amp; friends fox &amp; friends weekend fox news sunday geraldo at large greta hannity happening now huckabee justice with judge jeanine #mediabuzz outnumbered red eye w/ gutfeld shepard smith reporting special report specials sunday morning futures with maria bartiromo the cost of freedom the five the journal editorial report the kelly file the o'reilly factor the real story w/ gretchen carlson war stories more from fox news fox news fox business fox news latino fox news go fox news radio fox nation fox news insider fox news fox business fox news latino fox news go fox news radio fox nation fox news insider menu home foxnews.com search home gadgets google social military tech smartphones video games slideshows innovation has derek jeter hit a social media home run? by james rogerspublished october 04, 2014foxnews.com facebook97 twitter385 livefyre28 email print ?(bob dechiara-usa today sports) derek jeter?s stellar 20-year career with the new york yankees may be over, but his ambitious new publishing venture is already being touted as a potential game changer in sports media. on wednesday jeter launched the players' tribune, a website describing itself as ?a new media platform that will present the unfiltered voices of professional athletes.? the former yankees shortstop is the website?s founding publisher.advertisementadvertisement ?i think it's a fantastic test for both the sports business and digital media,? liza horan, principal of digital media strategy consultancy mediamoxie, told foxnews.com. ?why would an athlete reveal news in an interview, when they can break news on ?their own? media property?? although famed for his guarded approach to media interviews, jeter has big ambitions for the players? tribune. ?i am working with other athletes, with editors and with producers to create a platform that gives us?a chance to say what?s on our minds,? he wrote in a letter posted to the site. ?my goal is for the site to ultimately?transform how athletes and newsmakers?share information, bringing fans closer than ever to the games they love.? with the launch generating massive buzz, there has already been speculation about the site?s value to a potential acquirer should it prove successful. although a more traditional sports property, digital media company the bleacher report was reportedly acquired for around $200 million by turner broadcasting system in 2012. could the players? tribune eventually reach a valuation in the hundreds of millions of dollars? quite possibly, according to mediamoxie?s horan. ?the sky?s the limit, it?s the american dream,? she told foxnews.com. courtney brunious, associate director of the university of southern california?s sports business institute, believes that the website could be a social media home run for jeter. athletes, he told foxnews.com, can give a fresh perspective by speaking directly to fans, a message which will be amplified by jeter?s star power. ?jeter has built a fan base that?s interested in anything that he does ? he can also bring people in through the strength of his brand,? brunious said. the 40 year-old future hall of famer has been a brand magnet through the course of his career, clinching deals with nike, gatorade, steiner sports, rawlings, movado, 24-hour fitness, avon and health food company luvo. thanks partly to these endorsements, jeter has a net worth of $185 million, according to therichest.com. vicki michaelis, professor of sports media at the university of georgia?s grady college, agrees that the players? tribune could have a big impact. ?i think it?s very powerful,? she told foxnews.com. ?this is definitely another step in the evolution of social media ? the middle man, the media is being removed from the relationship with the fans.? seattle seahawks quarterback russell wilson, listed as senior editor, is the site?s first contributor, and has penned a column on domestic violence. at this stage, however, specific details of the players? tribune, such as future contributors, the scale of jeter?s investment, and even its business model, have not been revealed. forbes reports that jeter is the main investor for the website and will maintain a hands-on role. legendary entertainment, the movie and tv production giant behind blockbusters such as ?the dark knight? and the ?hangover? series, is also involved. in a statement released on wednesday, the film company said that it will be providing ?creative support as well as capital? to the players? tribune. legendary entertainment declined to provide additional details about its investment when contacted by foxnews.com. jeter has already brought in some big hitters to work on the players? tribune. gary hoenig, former editorial director of espn publishing, is the new website?s editorial director. maureen cavanagh, former photography director for sports illustrated, is the players? tribune creative director. other hires include sarah turcotte, former general editor at espn the magazine, who serves as the site?s executive editor. however, despite all the buzz around jeter?s latest venture, there are plenty of hurdles in its path, according to horan. ?there could be rights issues,? she told foxnews.com. ?that?s one of the gory details that has to be worked out.? an adidas-sponsored contributor to the site, for example, could pose a branding problem, given jeter?s close relationship with nike, according to experts. jeter?s promise of ?unfiltered voices? will also be closely scrutinized. ?we will see how unfiltered these comments really are, because a lot of these athletes have publicists who ensure that they stay on message,? said usc?s brunious. then, of course, there?s the challenge of keeping readers engaged. ?it?s going to depend on the day-to-day content flow and how interesting it is,? said brunious. ?readers are going to want something that?s more interesting than your typical ?player speak?.? \"i think that what he's doing is good, but if they are going to sell advertising off this site, they are going to have to get a lot of eyeballs,\" added rick burton, falk professor of sport management at syracuse university. \"you would need a lot of content.\" alvin lieberman, a marketing professor at nyu and director of the school?s entertainment, media, and technology program, sees fierce competition for the players? tribune. ?jeter has to fight among the 200-plus cable channels and the many thousands of social networks,? he told foxnews.com. ?will he make an impression? yes. the question is, how long will it last??? sports and entertainment consultant and columbia university professor joe favorito told foxnews.com that, at this stage, it?s impossible to make any long-term predictions about jeter?s website. ?whether it?s a viable business, no one can say, because no one really knows what it is yet,? he said. the players? tribune has not yet responded to a request for comment on this story. follow james rogers on twitter @jamesjrogers advertisement tech video is ello a facebook killer? (video - tech) a wearable that doesn't need a smartphone companion? (video - tech) gadgets for the world traveler (video - tech) gadgets for the head (video - tech) is ello a facebook killer? (video - tech) a wearable that doesn't need a smartphone companion? (video - tech) gadgets for the world traveler (video - tech) gadgets for the head (video - tech) recommended by trending in tech 1 3 ways crooks attack on public wi-fi 2 has derek jeter hit a social media home run? 3 jp morgan chase hack: 4 steps you must do now 4 man allegedly shoots down neighbor?s drone with shotgun 5 beware craigslist dangers, security experts warn see all trends scitech connect subscribe to the daily geek sheet for top science and technology stories thank you! your subscription has been submitted. from our partners3 ways crooks attack on public wi-fifox news techhas derek jeter hit a social media home run?fox news techiphone 6 vs galaxy note 3 bend test reveals clear winnergotta be mobilehas derek jeter hit a social media home run?fox news tech advertisement ? sponsored stories you may like there are 7 types of english last names ? which one is yours? ancestry.com esophageal cancer: five things you need to know dana-farber/brigham and women?s cancer center senate bill to reverse hobby lobby decision doesn't pass fortune 12 most cruel and unusual torture devices in history answers.com there are 7 types of english last names ? which one is yours? ancestry.com esophageal cancer: five things you need to know dana-farber/brigham and women?s cancer center senate bill to reverse hobby lobby decision doesn't pass fortune 12 most cruel and unusual torture devices in history answers.com recommended by america's election hq see the latest updates on the hottest midterm races from fox news full elections coverage ? iphone 6 vs galaxy note 3 bend test reveals clear winnercan an iphone 6 plus replace your ipad mini with retina?don?t turn on this ios 8 feature yetios 8.0.2 on iphone 5s reviewhow to use microsoft office for free site index sections home video politics u.s. opinion entertainment tech science health travel lifestyle world sports weather on air tools live video trending ureport newsletters alerts blogs mobile podcasts radio fox news store apps &amp; downloads about careers college students fox around the world advertise with us terms of use privacy policy ad choices contact us email newsroom faq media relations follow facebook twitter google+ linkedin rss newsletters fox news back to top this material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. ?2014 fox news network, llc. all rights reserved. all market data delayed 20 minutes. privacy - terms - faq &lt;img src=\"http://metrics.foxnews.com/b/ss/foxnews/1/h22.1--ns/1412461847739?pagename=noscript:tech:subsection:article&amp;g=http://www.foxnews.com/tech/2014/10/04/has-derek-jeter-hit-social-media-home-run/\" style=\"display:none;\" width=\"0\" height=\"0\" border=\"0\" alt=\"\"&gt; &lt;img src=\"//secure-us.imrworldwide.com/cgi-bin/m?ci=us-801796h&amp;amp;cg=0&amp;amp;cc=1&amp;amp;si=http://www.foxnews.com/tech/2014/10/04/has-derek-jeter-hit-social-media-home-run/&amp;amp;ts=noscript&amp;amp;rnd=1412461847739\" style=\"display:none;\" width=\"0\" height=\"0\" border=\"0\" alt=\"\"&gt; &lt;img src=\"http://b.scorecardresearch.com/p?c1=2&amp;c2=9013181&amp;c3=&amp;c4=http://www.foxnews.com/tech/2014/10/04/has-derek-jeter-hit-social-media-home-run/&amp;c5=&amp;c6=&amp;c15=&amp;cv=2.2&amp;cj=1\" style=\"display:none;\" width=\"0\" height=\"0\" border=\"0\" alt=\"\"&gt; resend email verification to sign in you must verify your email address. fill out the form below and we'll send you an email to verify. {* #resendverificationform *} {* resendverification_emailaddress *} {* newpasswordformbutton *} {* /resendverificationform *} please change your display name. your display name is unavailable. {* #postloginform1 *} {*postlogin_displayname *} {* postlogin_acceptbutton *} {* /postloginform1 *} your verification email has been sent check your email for a link to reset your password. sign in account deletion are you sure you want to permanently delete your fox news digital account? you will lose your activity history and email preferences. {* confirmdeactivateform *} {* confirmdeactivatebutton *} {* /confirmdeactivateform *} you did it! your password has been successfully changed. close change your password {* newpasswordform *} {* oldpassword *} {* newpassword *} {* newpasswordconfirm *} i forgot my password {* newpasswordformbutton *} {* /newpasswordform *} member profile don't have an account? create one now {* profilephotocustom *} {* public_displayname *} {* member_since *} {* public_city *} {* public_state *} {* public_country *} {* public_birthdate *} {* public_gender *} {* slider_public *} user stats comments ureports likes shares {* public_shares *} sign in with your existing account ??facebook ??google+ ??twitter ??yahoo ??linkedin ??aol with a fox news account sign up ? {* #userinformationform *} {* traditionalsignin_emailaddress *} {* traditionalsignin_password *} i forgot my password {* traditionalsignin_signinbutton *} {* /userinformationform *} find answers to your questions about the fox news community in our faqs. sign in welcome back, {* welcomename *} (not you?) sign in with your account use another account ? ??{* returnprovider *} privacy policy sign in welcome back, (not you?) sign in with your account use another account ? {* #userinformationform *} {* traditionalsignin_emailaddress *} {* traditionalsignin_password *} {* traditionalsignin_signinbutton *} {* /userinformationform *} privacy policy you're almost done! complete the following form to submit your registration. {* #socialregistrationform *} {* socialregistration_firstname *} {* socialregistration_lastname *} {* socialregistration_displayname *} {* socialregistration_emailaddress *} {* registration_birthday *} terms of service {* agreetoterms *} {* socialregistration_button *} {* /socialregistrationform *} create a fox news account already have an account? sign in ? {* #registrationform *} {* traditionalregistration_firstname *} {* traditionalregistration_lastname *} {* traditionalregistration_displayname *} {* traditionalregistration_emailaddress *} {* traditionalregistration_password *} {* traditionalregistration_passwordconfirm *} {* registration_birthday *} subscribe to fox news email newsletters optional fox news morning headlines fox news top headlines fox business breaking alerts fox news breaking alerts security check {* captcha *} {* agreetoterms *} {* createaccountbutton *} {* /registrationform *} thank you for registering! once you confirm your email address you will be able to access commenting and exclusive content on all the fox news digital websites! verify your email we just sent an email to your account to verify your email address. check your inbox and click on the link to confirm your account. close forgot my password enter your current email address, and we'll send you instructions to create a new password. {* #forgotpasswordform *} {* forgotpassword_emailaddress *} {* forgotpassword_sendbutton *} {* /forgotpasswordform *} forgot my password success! you should receive an email shortly with instructions to change your password. close {* mergeaccounts {\"custom\": true} *} create a fox news account it looks like you've been here before. we already have an account for: {| current_emailaddress |} connect this session with your existing account forgot password? not you? continue creating a new account sign in to complete account merge {* #tradauthenticatemergeform *} {* traditionalsignin_emailaddress *} {* traditionalsignin_password *} {* traditionalsignin_signinbutton *} forgot password? {* /tradauthenticatemergeform *} facebooktwitterlinkedinemailsocial sharing by janrainshare on your timelineshared on your timelinethanks for sharing with your friends on facebook. share with your other networks too!start overx+4editdoneor browse friendsand 0 morex+it appears the url has been modified. restore?0editdonex+it appears the url has been modified. restore?0editdonehttp://www.foxnews.com/tech/2014/10/04/has-derek-jeter-hit-social-media-home-run/undefinedconnecting to facebook failed. %tag%view error%gat%shareconnecttweet to your followersprefer a direct message? choose followersshared to twitterdirect message your followersyou can also tweet to all your followerssent to your followersthanks for sharing with your followers on twitter. share with your other networks too!start overselect your followersx+11editdoneclosedoneselected followersx+11editdoneclosedonex+4editdoneor browse followersand 0 morex+it appears the url has been modified. restore?140editdonex+url will be shortened116editdonehttp://www.foxnews.com/tech/2014/10/04/has-derek-jeter-hit-social-media-home-run/undefinedconnecting to twitter failed. %tag%view error%gat%shareconnectshare with your connectionsprefer sending a message? choose connectionsshared to linkedinmessage to your connectionsyou can also share with all connectionssent to your connectionsthanks for sharing with your connections on linkedin. share with your other networks too!start overselect your connectionsx+11editdoneclosedoneselected connectionsx+11editdoneclosedonex+4editdoneor browse connectionsand 0 morex+it appears the url has been modified. restore?0editdonex+it appears the url has been modified. restore?0editdonehttp://www.foxnews.com/tech/2014/10/04/has-derek-jeter-hit-social-media-home-run/undefinedsign in to your email providerconnecting to linkedin failed. %tag%view error%gat%shareconnectshare with your friends by emailemail sentthanks for sharing with your contacts via email. share with your other networks too!start overselect your contactsx+11editdoneclosedoneselected contactsx+11editdoneclosedonex+30editdoneor browse contactsand 0 morex+it appears the url has been modified. restore?0editdonex+-81editdonehttp://www.foxnews.com/tech/2014/10/04/has-derek-jeter-hit-social-media-home-run/undefinedsign in to your email providerconnecting to email failed. %tag%view error%gat%connectconnectgoogleyahoo", "bull": 1}, {"raw_text": "man allegedly shoots down neighbor?s drone with shotgun | fox news search sign in to comment!login fox news home watch live trending video politics politics home midterm elections executive senate house of representatives defense judiciary scandals congress to-do list u.s. u.s. home crime terrorism economy immigration disasters military education environment personal freedoms regions opinion opinion home todd starnes judith miller juan williams kt mcfarland dr. keith ablow karl rove ric grenell entertainment [fox411] home celebrity news movies tv music style [fox411] video tech tech home gadgets google social military tech smartphones video games slideshows science science home archaeology air &amp; space planet earth wild nature natural science dinosaurs slideshows health health home men's health women's health children's health alternative medicine diabetes heart health allergies nutrition &amp; fitness travel travel home slideshows in 5 guides lifestyle lifestyle home auto food &amp; drink real estate recipes wine with me world world home u.n. conflicts terrorism disasters global economy environment religion scandals regions sports sports home football basketball hockey baseball college sports tennis nascar golf more sports stats on air on air home a healthy you &amp; carol alt america's news hq america's newsroom cavuto fox files fox &amp; friends first fox &amp; friends fox &amp; friends weekend fox news sunday geraldo at large greta hannity happening now huckabee justice with judge jeanine #mediabuzz outnumbered red eye w/ gutfeld shepard smith reporting special report specials sunday morning futures with maria bartiromo the cost of freedom the five the journal editorial report the kelly file the o'reilly factor the real story w/ gretchen carlson war stories more from fox news fox news fox business fox news latino fox news go fox news radio fox nation fox news insider fox news fox business fox news latino fox news go fox news radio fox nation fox news insider menu home foxnews.com search home gadgets google social military tech smartphones video games slideshows robots man allegedly shoots down neighbor?s drone with shotgun by mike flacypublished october 03, 2014 facebook534 twitter482 email print file image shows the eight rotor sky jib helicopter in san diego, calif., in august 2013.?(ap photo/aerial mob, llc, tony carmean) detailed by police officers along the new jersey shore,?32-year-old waiter russell j. percenti was arrested last week?for allegedly firing a shotgun at an aerial remote control ?helicopter? drone flying in the vicinity of his home. according to the owner of the helicopter drone, it was being used to capture photographs of a nearby home that was currently under construction. while he was flying the drone over the unfinished home to take the photos, he heard several gunshots in the vicinity and immediately lost control of the drone. when the owner recovered the broken drone, he discovered multiple holes that were likely the result of at least one shotgun blast. after calling the?lower township police department, the drone owner directed patrolman michael nuscis?toward the origin of the shots. police officers went to the home of?percenti, questioned him about the shooting and discovered the shotgun that was used in the drone attack. upon discovery of the shotgun,?percenti was placed under arrest and?charged with possession of a weapon for an unlawful purpose and criminal mischief. in addition, the shotgun was seized as evidence related to?the crime.advertisementadvertisement bail was set in the amount of $2,500 by a local judge and?percenti quickly posted the 10 percent required minimum to be released from jail. in addition the criminal charges, the owner may choose to pursue financial compensation for the destroyed drone. depending on the type of drone as well as the quality of the digital camera mounted to the drone,?percenti could be responsible for hundreds, if not thousands, of dollars in damages. regarding the law, the faa has set guidelines that require drone fliers to stay below 400 feet when operating a remote control drone as well as keeping clear of nearby airports. new jersey legislators attempted to pass specific drone legislation earlier this year related to operation of the devices, but it was vetoed by governor chris christie during january 2014. advertisement more from digital trendsman allegedly shoots down neighbor?s drone with shotgunplexidrone is a compact camera drone you can take apart, shove into a backpacknasa developing automatic traffic management system for dronestime lapse video solves the mystery of death valley?s sailing stones tech video is ello a facebook killer? (video - tech) gadgets for the world traveler (video - tech) a wearable that doesn't need a smartphone companion? (video - tech) moving? use cell phone to save time, money (video - tech) is ello a facebook killer? (video - tech) gadgets for the world traveler (video - tech) a wearable that doesn't need a smartphone companion? (video - tech) moving? use cell phone to save time, money (video - tech) recommended by trending in tech 1 3 ways crooks attack on public wi-fi 2 has derek jeter hit a social media home run? 3 jp morgan chase hack: 4 steps you must do now 4 man allegedly shoots down neighbor?s drone with shotgun 5 beware craigslist dangers, security experts warn see all trends scitech connect subscribe to the daily geek sheet for top science and technology stories thank you! your subscription has been submitted. from our partners3 ways crooks attack on public wi-fifox news techhas derek jeter hit a social media home run?fox news techiphone 6 vs galaxy note 3 bend test reveals clear winnergotta be mobilehas derek jeter hit a social media home run?fox news tech advertisement ? sponsored stories you may like bill and hillary clinton avoid estate tax they once supported fortune these 10 cars and trucks prove least reliable according to consumer reports business cheat sheet learn how to identify melanoma and skin cancer dana-farber/brigham and women?s cancer center 7 cars that are 100% worth their price-tags insider car news bill and hillary clinton avoid estate tax they once supported fortune these 10 cars and trucks prove least reliable according to consumer reports business cheat sheet learn how to identify melanoma and skin cancer dana-farber/brigham and women?s cancer center 7 cars that are 100% worth their price-tags insider car news recommended by america's election hq see the latest updates on the hottest midterm races from fox news full elections coverage ? iphone 6 vs galaxy note 3 bend test reveals clear winnercan an iphone 6 plus replace your ipad mini with retina?don?t turn on this ios 8 feature yetios 8.0.2 on iphone 5s reviewhow to use microsoft office for free site index sections home video politics u.s. opinion entertainment tech science health travel lifestyle world sports weather on air tools live video trending ureport newsletters alerts blogs mobile podcasts radio fox news store apps &amp; downloads about careers college students fox around the world advertise with us terms of use privacy policy ad choices contact us email newsroom faq media relations follow facebook twitter google+ linkedin rss newsletters fox news back to top this material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. ?2014 fox news network, llc. all rights reserved. all market data delayed 20 minutes. privacy - terms - faq &lt;img src=\"http://metrics.foxnews.com/b/ss/foxnews/1/h22.1--ns/1412462183671?pagename=noscript:tech:front:article&amp;g=http://www.foxnews.com/tech/2014/10/03/man-allegedly-shoots-down-neighbors-drone-with-shotgun/\" style=\"display:none;\" width=\"0\" height=\"0\" border=\"0\" alt=\"\"&gt; &lt;img src=\"//secure-us.imrworldwide.com/cgi-bin/m?ci=us-801796h&amp;amp;cg=0&amp;amp;cc=1&amp;amp;si=http://www.foxnews.com/tech/2014/10/03/man-allegedly-shoots-down-neighbors-drone-with-shotgun/&amp;amp;ts=noscript&amp;amp;rnd=1412462183671\" style=\"display:none;\" width=\"0\" height=\"0\" border=\"0\" alt=\"\"&gt; &lt;img src=\"http://b.scorecardresearch.com/p?c1=2&amp;c2=9013181&amp;c3=&amp;c4=http://www.foxnews.com/tech/2014/10/03/man-allegedly-shoots-down-neighbors-drone-with-shotgun/&amp;c5=&amp;c6=&amp;c15=&amp;cv=2.2&amp;cj=1\" style=\"display:none;\" width=\"0\" height=\"0\" border=\"0\" alt=\"\"&gt; resend email verification to sign in you must verify your email address. fill out the form below and we'll send you an email to verify. {* #resendverificationform *} {* resendverification_emailaddress *} {* newpasswordformbutton *} {* /resendverificationform *} please change your display name. your display name is unavailable. {* #postloginform1 *} {*postlogin_displayname *} {* postlogin_acceptbutton *} {* /postloginform1 *} your verification email has been sent check your email for a link to reset your password. sign in account deletion are you sure you want to permanently delete your fox news digital account? you will lose your activity history and email preferences. {* confirmdeactivateform *} {* confirmdeactivatebutton *} {* /confirmdeactivateform *} you did it! your password has been successfully changed. close change your password {* newpasswordform *} {* oldpassword *} {* newpassword *} {* newpasswordconfirm *} i forgot my password {* newpasswordformbutton *} {* /newpasswordform *} member profile don't have an account? create one now {* profilephotocustom *} {* public_displayname *} {* member_since *} {* public_city *} {* public_state *} {* public_country *} {* public_birthdate *} {* public_gender *} {* slider_public *} user stats comments ureports likes shares {* public_shares *} sign in with your existing account ??facebook ??google+ ??twitter ??yahoo ??linkedin ??aol with a fox news account sign up ? {* #userinformationform *} {* traditionalsignin_emailaddress *} {* traditionalsignin_password *} i forgot my password {* traditionalsignin_signinbutton *} {* /userinformationform *} find answers to your questions about the fox news community in our faqs. sign in welcome back, {* welcomename *} (not you?) sign in with your account use another account ? ??{* returnprovider *} privacy policy sign in welcome back, (not you?) sign in with your account use another account ? {* #userinformationform *} {* traditionalsignin_emailaddress *} {* traditionalsignin_password *} {* traditionalsignin_signinbutton *} {* /userinformationform *} privacy policy you're almost done! complete the following form to submit your registration. {* #socialregistrationform *} {* socialregistration_firstname *} {* socialregistration_lastname *} {* socialregistration_displayname *} {* socialregistration_emailaddress *} {* registration_birthday *} terms of service {* agreetoterms *} {* socialregistration_button *} {* /socialregistrationform *} create a fox news account already have an account? sign in ? {* #registrationform *} {* traditionalregistration_firstname *} {* traditionalregistration_lastname *} {* traditionalregistration_displayname *} {* traditionalregistration_emailaddress *} {* traditionalregistration_password *} {* traditionalregistration_passwordconfirm *} {* registration_birthday *} subscribe to fox news email newsletters optional fox news morning headlines fox news top headlines fox business breaking alerts fox news breaking alerts security check {* captcha *} {* agreetoterms *} {* createaccountbutton *} {* /registrationform *} thank you for registering! once you confirm your email address you will be able to access commenting and exclusive content on all the fox news digital websites! verify your email we just sent an email to your account to verify your email address. check your inbox and click on the link to confirm your account. close forgot my password enter your current email address, and we'll send you instructions to create a new password. {* #forgotpasswordform *} {* forgotpassword_emailaddress *} {* forgotpassword_sendbutton *} {* /forgotpasswordform *} forgot my password success! you should receive an email shortly with instructions to change your password. close {* mergeaccounts {\"custom\": true} *} create a fox news account it looks like you've been here before. we already have an account for: {| current_emailaddress |} connect this session with your existing account forgot password? not you? continue creating a new account sign in to complete account merge {* #tradauthenticatemergeform *} {* traditionalsignin_emailaddress *} {* traditionalsignin_password *} {* traditionalsignin_signinbutton *} forgot password? {* /tradauthenticatemergeform *} facebooktwitterlinkedinemailsocial sharing by janrainshare on your timelineshared on your timelinethanks for sharing with your friends on facebook. share with your other networks too!start overx+4editdoneor browse friendsand 0 morex+it appears the url has been modified. restore?0editdonex+it appears the url has been modified. restore?0editdonehttp://www.foxnews.com/tech/2014/10/03/man-allegedly-shoots-down-neighbors-drone-with-shotgun/undefinedconnecting to facebook failed. %tag%view error%gat%shareconnecttweet to your followersprefer a direct message? choose followersshared to twitterdirect message your followersyou can also tweet to all your followerssent to your followersthanks for sharing with your followers on twitter. share with your other networks too!start overselect your followersx+11editdoneclosedoneselected followersx+11editdoneclosedonex+4editdoneor browse followersand 0 morex+it appears the url has been modified. restore?140editdonex+url will be shortened116editdonehttp://www.foxnews.com/tech/2014/10/03/man-allegedly-shoots-down-neighbors-drone-with-shotgun/undefinedconnecting to twitter failed. %tag%view error%gat%shareconnectshare with your connectionsprefer sending a message? choose connectionsshared to linkedinmessage to your connectionsyou can also share with all connectionssent to your connectionsthanks for sharing with your connections on linkedin. share with your other networks too!start overselect your connectionsx+11editdoneclosedoneselected connectionsx+11editdoneclosedonex+4editdoneor browse connectionsand 0 morex+it appears the url has been modified. restore?0editdonex+it appears the url has been modified. restore?0editdonehttp://www.foxnews.com/tech/2014/10/03/man-allegedly-shoots-down-neighbors-drone-with-shotgun/undefinedsign in to your email providerconnecting to linkedin failed. %tag%view error%gat%shareconnectshare with your friends by emailemail sentthanks for sharing with your contacts via email. share with your other networks too!start overselect your contactsx+11editdoneclosedoneselected contactsx+11editdoneclosedonex+30editdoneor browse contactsand 0 morex+it appears the url has been modified. restore?0editdonex+-94editdonehttp://www.foxnews.com/tech/2014/10/03/man-allegedly-shoots-down-neighbors-drone-with-shotgun/undefinedsign in to your email providerconnecting to email failed. %tag%view error%gat%connectconnectgoogleyahoo", "bull": 1}, {"raw_text": "smartphone breathalyzers: tech that takes your breath away | fox news search sign in to comment!login fox news home watch live trending video politics politics home midterm elections executive senate house of representatives defense judiciary scandals congress to-do list u.s. u.s. home crime terrorism economy immigration disasters military education environment personal freedoms regions opinion opinion home todd starnes judith miller juan williams kt mcfarland dr. keith ablow karl rove ric grenell entertainment [fox411] home celebrity news movies tv music style [fox411] video tech tech home gadgets google social military tech smartphones video games slideshows science science home archaeology air &amp; space planet earth wild nature natural science dinosaurs slideshows health health home men's health women's health children's health alternative medicine diabetes heart health allergies nutrition &amp; fitness travel travel home slideshows in 5 guides lifestyle lifestyle home auto food &amp; drink real estate recipes wine with me world world home u.n. conflicts terrorism disasters global economy environment religion scandals regions sports sports home football basketball hockey baseball college sports tennis nascar golf more sports stats on air on air home a healthy you &amp; carol alt america's news hq america's newsroom cavuto fox files fox &amp; friends first fox &amp; friends fox &amp; friends weekend fox news sunday geraldo at large greta hannity happening now huckabee justice with judge jeanine #mediabuzz outnumbered red eye w/ gutfeld shepard smith reporting special report specials sunday morning futures with maria bartiromo the cost of freedom the five the journal editorial report the kelly file the o'reilly factor the real story w/ gretchen carlson war stories more from fox news fox news fox business fox news latino fox news go fox news radio fox nation fox news insider fox news fox business fox news latino fox news go fox news radio fox nation fox news insider menu home foxnews.com search home gadgets google social military tech smartphones video games slideshows personal tech smartphone breathalyzers: tech that takes your breath away by john r. quainpublished october 03, 2014foxnews.com facebook44 twitter99 livefyre1 email print alcohoot breathalyzer.?(alcohoot) it's not only olympic superstars who misjudge their alcohol consumption. earlier this week, michael phelps was arrested in baltimore for driving with a blood alcohol reading of 0.14. he's apologized for his behavior, but the goal is to prevent folks who are over the limit from getting behind the wheel in the first place. not surprisingly, there are gadgets ? and apps ? to help stop them.advertisementadvertisement you may have faced a situation in which you were trying to convince a friend not to drive, or you may have wondered if that last glass of wine was enough to impair your own judgment. a personal breathalyzer, which cost from $30 to $120, can do the trick by demonstrating objectively that you or a companion has had one ? or more ? too many. matchbox-sized personal breathalyzers measure blood alcohol concentration (bac) based on the level of alcohol in your breath (about 10 percent of the alcohol you drink is released into your breath). from that reading, they estimate the percentage of alcohol in your blood. generally, these devices use either a semiconductor sensor, which is small and inexpensive, or a fuel cell sensor, which can be more accurate and is used by law enforcement in portable devices. i tested two models that work with smartphones. the breathometer costs $50 and plugs into the headphone jack of an iphone or android smartphone. it uses a semiconductor sensor and an aaa battery that should last for up to 75 tests. the company recommends waiting until 20 minutes after your last drink for a more accurate test, as it will avoid higher results from the alcohol residue in your mouth. it takes about a minute to warm up the device, and then you?re prompted to blow for four to five seconds through a hole from about two inches away. i had to retest for accuracy several times. and in one case, after i toted it around in my briefcase, the sensor collected too much lint to be effective. (it was easily blown clear, however.) but the breathometer was reasonably accurate. if anything, it tended to err on the side of caution by yielding slightly higher results. one evening, after a glass of wine, i blew a 0.03, eliciting a yellow warning and a note: \"you should be sober at 12:17 am\" ? roughly 2 hours away. a retest brought the number down. and here?s a bonus feature: the app provides a list of local cab companies. breathalyzers need to be calibrated regularly, and the breathometer is no exception. the company says it should be recalibrated every 250 tests, or after nine months. the mail-in service costs $20 alcohoot, another smartphone accessory, is a competitor. it costs $100, but it uses a fuel cell sensor, the same technology police officers use, and it has a rechargeable lithium-ion battery that will last for up to 500 tests. it's slightly larger than the breathometer, and it works almost identically. you blow through a hole where the sensor is. the company recommends using one of the eight washable and reusable plastic mouthpieces that come with the device. the alcohoot started up more quickly and delivered consistent results, probably because i used the nozzle. i blew a typical 0.017 after a large glass of wine. the program reminded me that the legal limit is 0.08 bac. the app charted my reading and the time of day, and it recorded that i was below the red line that denotes the legal limit. it also warned me, \"you may begin to feel moderate effects.\" i noted that i could call an uber, lyft or hailo car service from the app. in addition to being more accurate, the higher-priced alcohoot doesn't need to be recalibrated as often as the breathometer. the company says it lasts for up to 1,000 tests or one year. its recalibration service costs $30. i trusted the alcohoot more than the breathometer, mainly because of its ergonomics, but keep in mind that while these are fda registered devices, they are not a license to drink and drive. both companies repeatedly note that you should not do so. furthermore, breathalyzers can be imprecise. using a mouthwash or breath spray can affect the accuracy of the measurement, and alcohol affects everyone differently. on the other hand, having one of these devices at the ready to convince a friend that he should take a cab or sleep on the couch could end up saving a life. ?john r. quain is a personal tech columnist for foxnews.com. follow him on twitter @jqontech or find more tech coverage at j-q.com. advertisement tech video a wearable that doesn't need a smartphone companion? (video - tech) gadgets for the head (video - tech) is ello a facebook killer? (video - tech) gadgets for the world traveler (video - tech) a wearable that doesn't need a smartphone companion? (video - tech) gadgets for the head (video - tech) is ello a facebook killer? (video - tech) gadgets for the world traveler (video - tech) recommended by trending in tech 1 3 ways crooks attack on public wi-fi 2 has derek jeter hit a social media home run? 3 jp morgan chase hack: 4 steps you must do now 4 man allegedly shoots down neighbor?s drone with shotgun 5 beware craigslist dangers, security experts warn see all trends scitech connect subscribe to the daily geek sheet for top science and technology stories thank you! your subscription has been submitted. from our partners3 ways crooks attack on public wi-fifox news techhas derek jeter hit a social media home run?fox news techiphone 6 vs galaxy note 3 bend test reveals clear winnergotta be mobilehas derek jeter hit a social media home run?fox news tech advertisement ? sponsored stories you may like turn your old and unwanted phone into cash usa today 9 nasty things to throw away today aarp supreme court delivers blow to public unions fortune 404 - page not found kaplan university turn your old and unwanted phone into cash usa today 9 nasty things to throw away today aarp supreme court delivers blow to public unions fortune 404 - page not found kaplan university recommended by america's election hq see the latest updates on the hottest midterm races from fox news full elections coverage ? iphone 6 vs galaxy note 3 bend test reveals clear winnercan an iphone 6 plus replace your ipad mini with retina?don?t turn on this ios 8 feature yetios 8.0.2 on iphone 5s reviewhow to use microsoft office for free site index sections home video politics u.s. opinion entertainment tech science health travel lifestyle world sports weather on air tools live video trending ureport newsletters alerts blogs mobile podcasts radio fox news store apps &amp; downloads about careers college students fox around the world advertise with us terms of use privacy policy ad choices contact us email newsroom faq media relations follow facebook twitter google+ linkedin rss newsletters fox news back to top this material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. ?2014 fox news network, llc. all rights reserved. all market data delayed 20 minutes. privacy - terms - faq &lt;img src=\"http://metrics.foxnews.com/b/ss/foxnews/1/h22.1--ns/1412461608132?pagename=noscript:tech:subsection:article&amp;g=http://www.foxnews.com/tech/2014/10/03/smartphone-breathalyzers-tech-that-takes-your-breath-away/\" style=\"display:none;\" width=\"0\" height=\"0\" border=\"0\" alt=\"\"&gt; &lt;img src=\"//secure-us.imrworldwide.com/cgi-bin/m?ci=us-801796h&amp;amp;cg=0&amp;amp;cc=1&amp;amp;si=http://www.foxnews.com/tech/2014/10/03/smartphone-breathalyzers-tech-that-takes-your-breath-away/&amp;amp;ts=noscript&amp;amp;rnd=1412461608132\" style=\"display:none;\" width=\"0\" height=\"0\" border=\"0\" alt=\"\"&gt; &lt;img src=\"http://b.scorecardresearch.com/p?c1=2&amp;c2=9013181&amp;c3=&amp;c4=http://www.foxnews.com/tech/2014/10/03/smartphone-breathalyzers-tech-that-takes-your-breath-away/&amp;c5=&amp;c6=&amp;c15=&amp;cv=2.2&amp;cj=1\" style=\"display:none;\" width=\"0\" height=\"0\" border=\"0\" alt=\"\"&gt; resend email verification to sign in you must verify your email address. fill out the form below and we'll send you an email to verify. {* #resendverificationform *} {* resendverification_emailaddress *} {* newpasswordformbutton *} {* /resendverificationform *} please change your display name. your display name is unavailable. {* #postloginform1 *} {*postlogin_displayname *} {* postlogin_acceptbutton *} {* /postloginform1 *} your verification email has been sent check your email for a link to reset your password. sign in account deletion are you sure you want to permanently delete your fox news digital account? you will lose your activity history and email preferences. {* confirmdeactivateform *} {* confirmdeactivatebutton *} {* /confirmdeactivateform *} you did it! your password has been successfully changed. close change your password {* newpasswordform *} {* oldpassword *} {* newpassword *} {* newpasswordconfirm *} i forgot my password {* newpasswordformbutton *} {* /newpasswordform *} member profile don't have an account? create one now {* profilephotocustom *} {* public_displayname *} {* member_since *} {* public_city *} {* public_state *} {* public_country *} {* public_birthdate *} {* public_gender *} {* slider_public *} user stats comments ureports likes shares {* public_shares *} sign in with your existing account ??facebook ??google+ ??twitter ??yahoo ??linkedin ??aol with a fox news account sign up ? {* #userinformationform *} {* traditionalsignin_emailaddress *} {* traditionalsignin_password *} i forgot my password {* traditionalsignin_signinbutton *} {* /userinformationform *} find answers to your questions about the fox news community in our faqs. sign in welcome back, {* welcomename *} (not you?) sign in with your account use another account ? ??{* returnprovider *} privacy policy sign in welcome back, (not you?) sign in with your account use another account ? {* #userinformationform *} {* traditionalsignin_emailaddress *} {* traditionalsignin_password *} {* traditionalsignin_signinbutton *} {* /userinformationform *} privacy policy you're almost done! complete the following form to submit your registration. {* #socialregistrationform *} {* socialregistration_firstname *} {* socialregistration_lastname *} {* socialregistration_displayname *} {* socialregistration_emailaddress *} {* registration_birthday *} terms of service {* agreetoterms *} {* socialregistration_button *} {* /socialregistrationform *} create a fox news account already have an account? sign in ? {* #registrationform *} {* traditionalregistration_firstname *} {* traditionalregistration_lastname *} {* traditionalregistration_displayname *} {* traditionalregistration_emailaddress *} {* traditionalregistration_password *} {* traditionalregistration_passwordconfirm *} {* registration_birthday *} subscribe to fox news email newsletters optional fox news morning headlines fox news top headlines fox business breaking alerts fox news breaking alerts security check {* captcha *} {* agreetoterms *} {* createaccountbutton *} {* /registrationform *} thank you for registering! once you confirm your email address you will be able to access commenting and exclusive content on all the fox news digital websites! verify your email we just sent an email to your account to verify your email address. check your inbox and click on the link to confirm your account. close forgot my password enter your current email address, and we'll send you instructions to create a new password. {* #forgotpasswordform *} {* forgotpassword_emailaddress *} {* forgotpassword_sendbutton *} {* /forgotpasswordform *} forgot my password success! you should receive an email shortly with instructions to change your password. close {* mergeaccounts {\"custom\": true} *} create a fox news account it looks like you've been here before. we already have an account for: {| current_emailaddress |} connect this session with your existing account forgot password? not you? continue creating a new account sign in to complete account merge {* #tradauthenticatemergeform *} {* traditionalsignin_emailaddress *} {* traditionalsignin_password *} {* traditionalsignin_signinbutton *} forgot password? {* /tradauthenticatemergeform *} facebooktwitterlinkedinemailsocial sharing by janrainshare on your timelineshared on your timelinethanks for sharing with your friends on facebook. share with your other networks too!start overx+4editdoneor browse friendsand 0 morex+it appears the url has been modified. restore?0editdonex+it appears the url has been modified. restore?0editdonehttp://www.foxnews.com/tech/2014/10/03/smartphone-breathalyzers-tech-that-takes-your-breath-away/undefinedconnecting to facebook failed. %tag%view error%gat%shareconnecttweet to your followersprefer a direct message? choose followersshared to twitterdirect message your followersyou can also tweet to all your followerssent to your followersthanks for sharing with your followers on twitter. share with your other networks too!start overselect your followersx+11editdoneclosedoneselected followersx+11editdoneclosedonex+4editdoneor browse followersand 0 morex+it appears the url has been modified. restore?140editdonex+url will be shortened116editdonehttp://www.foxnews.com/tech/2014/10/03/smartphone-breathalyzers-tech-that-takes-your-breath-away/undefinedconnecting to twitter failed. %tag%view error%gat%shareconnectshare with your connectionsprefer sending a message? choose connectionsshared to linkedinmessage to your connectionsyou can also share with all connectionssent to your connectionsthanks for sharing with your connections on linkedin. share with your other networks too!start overselect your connectionsx+11editdoneclosedoneselected connectionsx+11editdoneclosedonex+4editdoneor browse connectionsand 0 morex+it appears the url has been modified. restore?0editdonex+it appears the url has been modified. restore?0editdonehttp://www.foxnews.com/tech/2014/10/03/smartphone-breathalyzers-tech-that-takes-your-breath-away/undefinedsign in to your email providerconnecting to linkedin failed. %tag%view error%gat%shareconnectshare with your friends by emailemail sentthanks for sharing with your contacts via email. share with your other networks too!start overselect your contactsx+11editdoneclosedoneselected contactsx+11editdoneclosedonex+30editdoneor browse contactsand 0 morex+it appears the url has been modified. restore?0editdonex+-97editdonehttp://www.foxnews.com/tech/2014/10/03/smartphone-breathalyzers-tech-that-takes-your-breath-away/undefinedsign in to your email providerconnecting to email failed. %tag%view error%gat%connectconnectgoogleyahoo", "bull": 1}, {"raw_text": "scientists proceed with caution towards new gene mutation technology | fox news search sign in to comment!login fox news home watch live trending video politics politics home midterm elections executive senate house of representatives defense judiciary scandals congress to-do list u.s. u.s. home crime terrorism economy immigration disasters military education environment personal freedoms regions opinion opinion home todd starnes judith miller juan williams kt mcfarland dr. keith ablow karl rove ric grenell entertainment [fox411] home celebrity news movies tv music style [fox411] video tech tech home gadgets google social military tech smartphones video games slideshows science science home archaeology air &amp; space planet earth wild nature natural science dinosaurs slideshows health health home men's health women's health children's health alternative medicine diabetes heart health allergies nutrition &amp; fitness travel travel home slideshows in 5 guides lifestyle lifestyle home auto food &amp; drink real estate recipes wine with me world world home u.n. conflicts terrorism disasters global economy environment religion scandals regions sports sports home football basketball hockey baseball college sports tennis nascar golf more sports stats on air on air home a healthy you &amp; carol alt america's news hq america's newsroom cavuto fox files fox &amp; friends first fox &amp; friends fox &amp; friends weekend fox news sunday geraldo at large greta hannity happening now huckabee justice with judge jeanine #mediabuzz outnumbered red eye w/ gutfeld shepard smith reporting special report specials sunday morning futures with maria bartiromo the cost of freedom the five the journal editorial report the kelly file the o'reilly factor the real story w/ gretchen carlson war stories more from fox news fox news fox business fox news latino fox news go fox news radio fox nation fox news insider fox news fox business fox news latino fox news go fox news radio fox nation fox news insider menu home foxnews.com search home gadgets google social military tech smartphones video games slideshows american innovation scientists proceed with caution towards new gene mutation technology by hillary vaughnpublished september 29, 2014foxnews.com facebook262 twitter179 livefyre58 email print now playing a powerful new technology is causing scientists to pause a powerful new technology could be used to manipulate nature by changing a species gene pool through reproduction, and it has scientists proceeding with caution.? the technology is called ?gene drive? by harvard scientists who say it allows them to ?edit? genes in wild organisms. dr. kenneth oye, a professor at massachusetts institute of technology, says gene drives are a game changer. ?gene drives cheat, they play a game,\" he explained. \"they bias inheritance so the odds of the gene being passed on are raised substantially.?advertisementadvertisement for scientists, the possibilities of the technology are great. gene drive lets researchers permanently block mosquitoes? ability to spread malaria. it can also be used to alter ticks, reducing the spread of lyme disease. ?but its not just malaria - any disease spread by mosquitos we can combat in this way,\" said oye. \"so that means dengue, that means yellow fever, that means, potentially closer to home, west nile virus.? because the technology has the potential to alter entire populations on a global scale scientists are proceeding with caution. the harvard group is calling for public debate on the wisdom and safety of the technology before moving forward. ?ethically i think it's an open and shut case. a slam dunk. that if you?re going to be taken actions that potentially affect the world, the world has a little voice in this?, said oye. for scientists the extent of the risk - and consequences associated with the technology are unknown.? scientists say that if this tech goes awry, it could mean accidental extinction for entire species, or unpredictable gene re-mutations spreading cross-species. kevin esvelt, lead scientist in the research group, says the technology needs to be used wisely. ?yes, we should be concerned. we should come together and discuss this because it has the potential to do a great deal of good, but it could also do harm if we use it unwisely.? but scientists say they have a plan b if something goes wrong. ?we can release a second drive that will undo that alteration and restore it pretty close to exactly the same sequence as it was originally?, said esvelt. but he warns the fix isn?t absolute. ?now that doesn?t mean that it?s going to reverse all the potential ecological effects of that original change. but it does mean that we can take precautions.? the technology has even made waves internationally. a united nations meeting of experts on biological weapons convened to review the benefits and potential implications of gene drive. dr. oye, who presented the tech to international delegates gathered in geneva, said the tech especially piqued the interest of delegations from malaria-inflicted regions. ?the reaction at geneva from the biosecurity experts, these are the hard core folks, was very, very positive,? he said. developers of the tech say it's still in the developmental stages, but scientist george church says field trials could be just around the corner. ?this technology could go very quickly,\" he said. \"we?re talking about something where we could be doing key tests on four different organisms within the next year.?hillary vaughn is part of the junior reporter program at fox news. get more information on the program here and follow them on twitter: @fncjrreporters advertisement tech video gadgets for the world traveler (video - tech) gadgets for the head (video - tech) a wearable that doesn't need a smartphone companion? (video - tech) is ello a facebook killer? (video - tech) gadgets for the world traveler (video - tech) gadgets for the head (video - tech) a wearable that doesn't need a smartphone companion? (video - tech) is ello a facebook killer? (video - tech) recommended by trending in tech 1 3 ways crooks attack on public wi-fi 2 has derek jeter hit a social media home run? 3 jp morgan chase hack: 4 steps you must do now 4 man allegedly shoots down neighbor?s drone with shotgun 5 beware craigslist dangers, security experts warn see all trends scitech connect subscribe to the daily geek sheet for top science and technology stories thank you! your subscription has been submitted. from our partners3 ways crooks attack on public wi-fifox news techhas derek jeter hit a social media home run?fox news techiphone 6 vs galaxy note 3 bend test reveals clear winnergotta be mobilehas derek jeter hit a social media home run?fox news tech advertisement ? sponsored stories you may like copper thieves beware: planted plant dna will bring the coppers dgi wire here's why you should get rid of your smartphone and go back to a? bankrate an extremely brilliant way to pay off your mortgage bills.com the one app all salespeople should have on their phones bostinno copper thieves beware: planted plant dna will bring the coppers dgi wire here's why you should get rid of your smartphone and go back to a? bankrate an extremely brilliant way to pay off your mortgage bills.com the one app all salespeople should have on their phones bostinno recommended by america's election hq see the latest updates on the hottest midterm races from fox news full elections coverage ? iphone 6 vs galaxy note 3 bend test reveals clear winnercan an iphone 6 plus replace your ipad mini with retina?don?t turn on this ios 8 feature yetios 8.0.2 on iphone 5s reviewhow to use microsoft office for free site index sections home video politics u.s. opinion entertainment tech science health travel lifestyle world sports weather on air tools live video trending ureport newsletters alerts blogs mobile podcasts radio fox news store apps &amp; downloads about careers college students fox around the world advertise with us terms of use privacy policy ad choices contact us email newsroom faq media relations follow facebook twitter google+ linkedin rss newsletters fox news back to top this material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. ?2014 fox news network, llc. all rights reserved. all market data delayed 20 minutes. privacy - terms - faq &lt;img src=\"http://metrics.foxnews.com/b/ss/foxnews/1/h22.1--ns/1412462216862?pagename=noscript:tech:front:article&amp;g=http://www.foxnews.com/tech/2014/09/29/scientists-proceed-with-caution-towards-new-gene-mutation-technology/\" style=\"display:none;\" width=\"0\" height=\"0\" border=\"0\" alt=\"\"&gt; &lt;img src=\"//secure-us.imrworldwide.com/cgi-bin/m?ci=us-801796h&amp;amp;cg=0&amp;amp;cc=1&amp;amp;si=http://www.foxnews.com/tech/2014/09/29/scientists-proceed-with-caution-towards-new-gene-mutation-technology/&amp;amp;ts=noscript&amp;amp;rnd=1412462216862\" style=\"display:none;\" width=\"0\" height=\"0\" border=\"0\" alt=\"\"&gt; &lt;img src=\"http://b.scorecardresearch.com/p?c1=2&amp;c2=9013181&amp;c3=&amp;c4=http://www.foxnews.com/tech/2014/09/29/scientists-proceed-with-caution-towards-new-gene-mutation-technology/&amp;c5=&amp;c6=&amp;c15=&amp;cv=2.2&amp;cj=1\" style=\"display:none;\" width=\"0\" height=\"0\" border=\"0\" alt=\"\"&gt; resend email verification to sign in you must verify your email address. fill out the form below and we'll send you an email to verify. {* #resendverificationform *} {* resendverification_emailaddress *} {* newpasswordformbutton *} {* /resendverificationform *} please change your display name. your display name is unavailable. {* #postloginform1 *} {*postlogin_displayname *} {* postlogin_acceptbutton *} {* /postloginform1 *} your verification email has been sent check your email for a link to reset your password. sign in account deletion are you sure you want to permanently delete your fox news digital account? you will lose your activity history and email preferences. {* confirmdeactivateform *} {* confirmdeactivatebutton *} {* /confirmdeactivateform *} you did it! your password has been successfully changed. close change your password {* newpasswordform *} {* oldpassword *} {* newpassword *} {* newpasswordconfirm *} i forgot my password {* newpasswordformbutton *} {* /newpasswordform *} member profile don't have an account? create one now {* profilephotocustom *} {* public_displayname *} {* member_since *} {* public_city *} {* public_state *} {* public_country *} {* public_birthdate *} {* public_gender *} {* slider_public *} user stats comments ureports likes shares {* public_shares *} sign in with your existing account ??facebook ??google+ ??twitter ??yahoo ??linkedin ??aol with a fox news account sign up ? {* #userinformationform *} {* traditionalsignin_emailaddress *} {* traditionalsignin_password *} i forgot my password {* traditionalsignin_signinbutton *} {* /userinformationform *} find answers to your questions about the fox news community in our faqs. sign in welcome back, {* welcomename *} (not you?) sign in with your account use another account ? ??{* returnprovider *} privacy policy sign in welcome back, (not you?) sign in with your account use another account ? {* #userinformationform *} {* traditionalsignin_emailaddress *} {* traditionalsignin_password *} {* traditionalsignin_signinbutton *} {* /userinformationform *} privacy policy you're almost done! complete the following form to submit your registration. {* #socialregistrationform *} {* socialregistration_firstname *} {* socialregistration_lastname *} {* socialregistration_displayname *} {* socialregistration_emailaddress *} {* registration_birthday *} terms of service {* agreetoterms *} {* socialregistration_button *} {* /socialregistrationform *} create a fox news account already have an account? sign in ? {* #registrationform *} {* traditionalregistration_firstname *} {* traditionalregistration_lastname *} {* traditionalregistration_displayname *} {* traditionalregistration_emailaddress *} {* traditionalregistration_password *} {* traditionalregistration_passwordconfirm *} {* registration_birthday *} subscribe to fox news email newsletters optional fox news morning headlines fox news top headlines fox business breaking alerts fox news breaking alerts security check {* captcha *} {* agreetoterms *} {* createaccountbutton *} {* /registrationform *} thank you for registering! once you confirm your email address you will be able to access commenting and exclusive content on all the fox news digital websites! verify your email we just sent an email to your account to verify your email address. check your inbox and click on the link to confirm your account. close forgot my password enter your current email address, and we'll send you instructions to create a new password. {* #forgotpasswordform *} {* forgotpassword_emailaddress *} {* forgotpassword_sendbutton *} {* /forgotpasswordform *} forgot my password success! you should receive an email shortly with instructions to change your password. close {* mergeaccounts {\"custom\": true} *} create a fox news account it looks like you've been here before. we already have an account for: {| current_emailaddress |} connect this session with your existing account forgot password? not you? continue creating a new account sign in to complete account merge {* #tradauthenticatemergeform *} {* traditionalsignin_emailaddress *} {* traditionalsignin_password *} {* traditionalsignin_signinbutton *} forgot password? {* /tradauthenticatemergeform *}", "bull": 1}, {"raw_text": "new invisibility cloak device can hide almost anything | fox news search sign in to comment!login fox news home watch live trending video politics politics home midterm elections executive senate house of representatives defense judiciary scandals congress to-do list u.s. u.s. home crime terrorism economy immigration disasters military education environment personal freedoms regions opinion opinion home todd starnes judith miller juan williams kt mcfarland dr. keith ablow karl rove ric grenell entertainment [fox411] home celebrity news movies tv music style [fox411] video tech tech home gadgets google social military tech smartphones video games slideshows science science home archaeology air &amp; space planet earth wild nature natural science dinosaurs slideshows health health home men's health women's health children's health alternative medicine diabetes heart health allergies nutrition &amp; fitness travel travel home slideshows in 5 guides lifestyle lifestyle home auto food &amp; drink real estate recipes wine with me world world home u.n. conflicts terrorism disasters global economy environment religion scandals regions sports sports home football basketball hockey baseball college sports tennis nascar golf more sports stats on air on air home a healthy you &amp; carol alt america's news hq america's newsroom cavuto fox files fox &amp; friends first fox &amp; friends fox &amp; friends weekend fox news sunday geraldo at large greta hannity happening now huckabee justice with judge jeanine #mediabuzz outnumbered red eye w/ gutfeld shepard smith reporting special report specials sunday morning futures with maria bartiromo the cost of freedom the five the journal editorial report the kelly file the o'reilly factor the real story w/ gretchen carlson war stories more from fox news fox news fox business fox news latino fox news go fox news radio fox nation fox news insider fox news fox business fox news latino fox news go fox news radio fox nation fox news insider menu home foxnews.com search home gadgets google social military tech smartphones video games slideshows american innovation new invisibility cloak device can hide almost anything by david nieldpublished september 29, 2014 facebook1205 twitter409 email print ?(j. adam fenster / university of rochester) hats off to scientists at the university of rochester in new york, who have managed to produce a cheap ?invisibility cloak? effect using readily available materials and a lot of clever thinking. through a combination of optical lenses, any object that passes behind a certain line of sight can be made to disappear from view. ?the rochester cloak?, as it?s being dubbed, uses a simplified four-lens system that essentially bends light around any objects you put into the middle of the chain ? you?re able to see the area in the background as normal, but not the item in the foreground. according to its inventors, it can be scaled up using any size of lens, and the team responsible for the setup has used standard, off-the-shelf hardware.advertisementadvertisement related:?duke university researchers have created the world?s first acoustic invisibility cloak ?people have been fascinated with cloaking for a very long time,? said john howell, a professor of physics at the university. ?it?s recently been a really popular thing in science fiction and harry potter? i think people are really excited about the prospect of just being invisible.? ?from what we know this is the first cloaking device that provides three-dimensional, continuously multidirectional cloaking,? said doctoral student joseph choi, one of the team who worked on the project, when speaking to reuters. ?i imagine this could be used to cloak a trailer on the back of a semi-truck so the driver can see directly behind him. it can be used for surgery, in the military, in interior design, art.? what makes this system so interesting is that it?s simple, inexpensive and capable of working at multiple angles, as long as the object remains inside the series of lenses. howell and choi say it cost them $1,000 to get all of the necessary equipment together, but it can be done more cheaply. a patent is pending for their invention but the pair have put together instructions on making your own rochester cloak at home for less than $100. ? advertisement more from digital trendsnew invisibility cloak device can hide almost anythingcoca-cola is adding wi-fi to its vending machinesportal is a flexible smartphone that you strap to your armmove over coolest cooler: krewser is an ice chest you can drive around tech video is ello a facebook killer? (video - tech) gadgets for the head (video - tech) a wearable that doesn't need a smartphone companion? (video - tech) moving? use cell phone to save time, money (video - tech) is ello a facebook killer? (video - tech) gadgets for the head (video - tech) a wearable that doesn't need a smartphone companion? (video - tech) moving? use cell phone to save time, money (video - tech) recommended by trending in tech 1 3 ways crooks attack on public wi-fi 2 has derek jeter hit a social media home run? 3 jp morgan chase hack: 4 steps you must do now 4 man allegedly shoots down neighbor?s drone with shotgun 5 beware craigslist dangers, security experts warn see all trends scitech connect subscribe to the daily geek sheet for top science and technology stories thank you! your subscription has been submitted. from our partners3 ways crooks attack on public wi-fifox news techhas derek jeter hit a social media home run?fox news techiphone 6 vs galaxy note 3 bend test reveals clear winnergotta be mobilehas derek jeter hit a social media home run?fox news tech advertisement ? sponsored stories you may like ben carson: guess what percentage of democrats would vote him for? isidewith an earth-shaking mystery in texas fortune 6 simple ways to increase your website traffic outbrain raytheon's gamble on self-guiding missiles fast company ben carson: guess what percentage of democrats would vote him for? isidewith an earth-shaking mystery in texas fortune 6 simple ways to increase your website traffic outbrain raytheon's gamble on self-guiding missiles fast company recommended by america's election hq see the latest updates on the hottest midterm races from fox news full elections coverage ? iphone 6 vs galaxy note 3 bend test reveals clear winnercan an iphone 6 plus replace your ipad mini with retina?don?t turn on this ios 8 feature yetios 8.0.2 on iphone 5s reviewhow to use microsoft office for free site index sections home video politics u.s. opinion entertainment tech science health travel lifestyle world sports weather on air tools live video trending ureport newsletters alerts blogs mobile podcasts radio fox news store apps &amp; downloads about careers college students fox around the world advertise with us terms of use privacy policy ad choices contact us email newsroom faq media relations follow facebook twitter google+ linkedin rss newsletters fox news back to top this material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. ?2014 fox news network, llc. all rights reserved. all market data delayed 20 minutes. privacy - terms - faq &lt;img src=\"http://metrics.foxnews.com/b/ss/foxnews/1/h22.1--ns/1412461850297?pagename=noscript:tech:front:article&amp;g=http://www.foxnews.com/tech/2014/09/29/new-invisibility-cloak-device-can-hide-almost-anything/\" style=\"display:none;\" width=\"0\" height=\"0\" border=\"0\" alt=\"\"&gt; &lt;img src=\"//secure-us.imrworldwide.com/cgi-bin/m?ci=us-801796h&amp;amp;cg=0&amp;amp;cc=1&amp;amp;si=http://www.foxnews.com/tech/2014/09/29/new-invisibility-cloak-device-can-hide-almost-anything/&amp;amp;ts=noscript&amp;amp;rnd=1412461850297\" style=\"display:none;\" width=\"0\" height=\"0\" border=\"0\" alt=\"\"&gt; &lt;img src=\"http://b.scorecardresearch.com/p?c1=2&amp;c2=9013181&amp;c3=&amp;c4=http://www.foxnews.com/tech/2014/09/29/new-invisibility-cloak-device-can-hide-almost-anything/&amp;c5=&amp;c6=&amp;c15=&amp;cv=2.2&amp;cj=1\" style=\"display:none;\" width=\"0\" height=\"0\" border=\"0\" alt=\"\"&gt; resend email verification to sign in you must verify your email address. fill out the form below and we'll send you an email to verify. {* #resendverificationform *} {* resendverification_emailaddress *} {* newpasswordformbutton *} {* /resendverificationform *} please change your display name. your display name is unavailable. {* #postloginform1 *} {*postlogin_displayname *} {* postlogin_acceptbutton *} {* /postloginform1 *} your verification email has been sent check your email for a link to reset your password. sign in account deletion are you sure you want to permanently delete your fox news digital account? you will lose your activity history and email preferences. {* confirmdeactivateform *} {* confirmdeactivatebutton *} {* /confirmdeactivateform *} you did it! your password has been successfully changed. close change your password {* newpasswordform *} {* oldpassword *} {* newpassword *} {* newpasswordconfirm *} i forgot my password {* newpasswordformbutton *} {* /newpasswordform *} member profile don't have an account? create one now {* profilephotocustom *} {* public_displayname *} {* member_since *} {* public_city *} {* public_state *} {* public_country *} {* public_birthdate *} {* public_gender *} {* slider_public *} user stats comments ureports likes shares {* public_shares *} sign in with your existing account ??facebook ??google+ ??twitter ??yahoo ??linkedin ??aol with a fox news account sign up ? {* #userinformationform *} {* traditionalsignin_emailaddress *} {* traditionalsignin_password *} i forgot my password {* traditionalsignin_signinbutton *} {* /userinformationform *} find answers to your questions about the fox news community in our faqs. sign in welcome back, {* welcomename *} (not you?) sign in with your account use another account ? ??{* returnprovider *} privacy policy sign in welcome back, (not you?) sign in with your account use another account ? {* #userinformationform *} {* traditionalsignin_emailaddress *} {* traditionalsignin_password *} {* traditionalsignin_signinbutton *} {* /userinformationform *} privacy policy you're almost done! complete the following form to submit your registration. {* #socialregistrationform *} {* socialregistration_firstname *} {* socialregistration_lastname *} {* socialregistration_displayname *} {* socialregistration_emailaddress *} {* registration_birthday *} terms of service {* agreetoterms *} {* socialregistration_button *} {* /socialregistrationform *} create a fox news account already have an account? sign in ? {* #registrationform *} {* traditionalregistration_firstname *} {* traditionalregistration_lastname *} {* traditionalregistration_displayname *} {* traditionalregistration_emailaddress *} {* traditionalregistration_password *} {* traditionalregistration_passwordconfirm *} {* registration_birthday *} subscribe to fox news email newsletters optional fox news morning headlines fox news top headlines fox business breaking alerts fox news breaking alerts security check {* captcha *} {* agreetoterms *} {* createaccountbutton *} {* /registrationform *} thank you for registering! once you confirm your email address you will be able to access commenting and exclusive content on all the fox news digital websites! verify your email we just sent an email to your account to verify your email address. check your inbox and click on the link to confirm your account. close forgot my password enter your current email address, and we'll send you instructions to create a new password. {* #forgotpasswordform *} {* forgotpassword_emailaddress *} {* forgotpassword_sendbutton *} {* /forgotpasswordform *} forgot my password success! you should receive an email shortly with instructions to change your password. close {* mergeaccounts {\"custom\": true} *} create a fox news account it looks like you've been here before. we already have an account for: {| current_emailaddress |} connect this session with your existing account forgot password? not you? continue creating a new account sign in to complete account merge {* #tradauthenticatemergeform *} {* traditionalsignin_emailaddress *} {* traditionalsignin_password *} {* traditionalsignin_signinbutton *} forgot password? {* /tradauthenticatemergeform *} facebooktwitterlinkedinemailsocial sharing by janrainshare on your timelineshared on your timelinethanks for sharing with your friends on facebook. share with your other networks too!start overx+4editdoneor browse friendsand 0 morex+it appears the url has been modified. restore?0editdonex+it appears the url has been modified. restore?0editdonehttp://www.foxnews.com/tech/2014/09/29/new-invisibility-cloak-device-can-hide-almost-anything/undefinedconnecting to facebook failed. %tag%view error%gat%shareconnecttweet to your followersprefer a direct message? choose followersshared to twitterdirect message your followersyou can also tweet to all your followerssent to your followersthanks for sharing with your followers on twitter. share with your other networks too!start overselect your followersx+11editdoneclosedoneselected followersx+11editdoneclosedonex+4editdoneor browse followersand 0 morex+it appears the url has been modified. restore?140editdonex+url will be shortened116editdonehttp://www.foxnews.com/tech/2014/09/29/new-invisibility-cloak-device-can-hide-almost-anything/undefinedconnecting to twitter failed. %tag%view error%gat%shareconnectshare with your connectionsprefer sending a message? choose connectionsshared to linkedinmessage to your connectionsyou can also share with all connectionssent to your connectionsthanks for sharing with your connections on linkedin. share with your other networks too!start overselect your connectionsx+11editdoneclosedoneselected connectionsx+11editdoneclosedonex+4editdoneor browse connectionsand 0 morex+it appears the url has been modified. restore?0editdonex+it appears the url has been modified. restore?0editdonehttp://www.foxnews.com/tech/2014/09/29/new-invisibility-cloak-device-can-hide-almost-anything/undefinedsign in to your email providerconnecting to linkedin failed. %tag%view error%gat%shareconnectshare with your friends by emailemail sentthanks for sharing with your contacts via email. share with your other networks too!start overselect your contactsx+11editdoneclosedoneselected contactsx+11editdoneclosedonex+30editdoneor browse contactsand 0 morex+it appears the url has been modified. restore?0editdonex+-94editdonehttp://www.foxnews.com/tech/2014/09/29/new-invisibility-cloak-device-can-hide-almost-anything/undefinedsign in to your email providerconnecting to email failed. %tag%view error%gat%connectconnectgoogleyahoo", "bull": 1}, {"raw_text": "new google messaging app rumored for 2015, with no google account needed | fox news search sign in to comment!login fox news home watch live trending video politics politics home midterm elections executive senate house of representatives defense judiciary scandals congress to-do list u.s. u.s. home crime terrorism economy immigration disasters military education environment personal freedoms regions opinion opinion home todd starnes judith miller juan williams kt mcfarland dr. keith ablow karl rove ric grenell entertainment [fox411] home celebrity news movies tv music style [fox411] video tech tech home gadgets google social military tech smartphones video games slideshows science science home archaeology air &amp; space planet earth wild nature natural science dinosaurs slideshows health health home men's health women's health children's health alternative medicine diabetes heart health allergies nutrition &amp; fitness travel travel home slideshows in 5 guides lifestyle lifestyle home auto food &amp; drink real estate recipes wine with me world world home u.n. conflicts terrorism disasters global economy environment religion scandals regions sports sports home football basketball hockey baseball college sports tennis nascar golf more sports stats on air on air home a healthy you &amp; carol alt america's news hq america's newsroom cavuto fox files fox &amp; friends first fox &amp; friends fox &amp; friends weekend fox news sunday geraldo at large greta hannity happening now huckabee justice with judge jeanine #mediabuzz outnumbered red eye w/ gutfeld shepard smith reporting special report specials sunday morning futures with maria bartiromo the cost of freedom the five the journal editorial report the kelly file the o'reilly factor the real story w/ gretchen carlson war stories more from fox news fox news fox business fox news latino fox news go fox news radio fox nation fox news insider fox news fox business fox news latino fox news go fox news radio fox nation fox news insider menu home foxnews.com search home gadgets google social military tech smartphones video games slideshows google new google messaging app rumored for 2015, with no google account needed by andy boxallpublished october 03, 2014 facebook3 twitter9 livefyre email print ?(reuters/kevin lamarque) google is reportedly in the process of creating its own mobile messaging application, along the same lines as whatsapp, line, and viber. the news comes from india?s economic times, and the article states the search company will test the app in the country next year. if you?re wondering what?s wrong with hangouts, then there is a key difference between the two ? google?s new messenger app won?t require a google login. most popular google apps, such as google+, gmail, and the google play store, need the user to have a google account. while hardly restrictive, it can be an issue if google doesn?t have a large presence in the respective market. there?s also the case some people may not want to sign up with google at all.advertisementadvertisement google?s possible decision to put some effort into a cross-platform, google-free messaging app may have been influenced by facebook?s acquisition?of whatsapp, and a desire to not lose ground in emerging markets. whatsapp, for example, has 65 million users in india alone, and viber?s new owner has major international expansion plans?too. we?ve seen this strategy before recently, after blackberry let its bbm app?out into the world, aiming it primarily at countries such as africa. google?s app may be localized to include multi-language support, giving it stronger appeal. there?s no official confirmation from google, but an anonymous source informed the economic times the new app would launch in 2015, and would be free to use. this sets it apart from whatsapp, which charges a modest annual fee, and puts it in competition with the free ? and feature-packed?? line app. advertisement more from digital trendsnew google messaging app rumored for 2015, with no google account neededadam levine tweets from an iphone after promoting milk music for samsungsnapping selfies made easier, thanks to the q-pic smartphone remote3d puppets mimic your every move in pocket avatars, intel?s first app trending in tech 1 3 ways crooks attack on public wi-fi 2 has derek jeter hit a social media home run? 3 jp morgan chase hack: 4 steps you must do now 4 man allegedly shoots down neighbor?s drone with shotgun 5 beware craigslist dangers, security experts warn see all trends scitech connect subscribe to the daily geek sheet for top science and technology stories thank you! your subscription has been submitted. from our partners3 ways crooks attack on public wi-fifox news techhas derek jeter hit a social media home run?fox news techiphone 6 vs galaxy note 3 bend test reveals clear winnergotta be mobilehas derek jeter hit a social media home run?fox news tech advertisement ? america's election hq see the latest updates on the hottest midterm races from fox news full elections coverage ? iphone 6 vs galaxy note 3 bend test reveals clear winnercan an iphone 6 plus replace your ipad mini with retina?don?t turn on this ios 8 feature yetios 8.0.2 on iphone 5s reviewhow to use microsoft office for free site index sections home video politics u.s. opinion entertainment tech science health travel lifestyle world sports weather on air tools live video trending ureport newsletters alerts blogs mobile podcasts radio fox news store apps &amp; downloads about careers college students fox around the world advertise with us terms of use privacy policy ad choices contact us email newsroom faq media relations follow facebook twitter google+ linkedin rss newsletters fox news back to top this material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. ?2014 fox news network, llc. all rights reserved. all market data delayed 20 minutes. privacy - terms - faq &lt;img src=\"http://metrics.foxnews.com/b/ss/foxnews/1/h22.1--ns/1412462197419?pagename=noscript:tech:front:article&amp;g=http://www.foxnews.com/tech/2014/10/03/new-google-messaging-app-rumored-for-2015-with-no-google-account-needed/\" style=\"display:none;\" width=\"0\" height=\"0\" border=\"0\" alt=\"\"&gt; &lt;img src=\"//secure-us.imrworldwide.com/cgi-bin/m?ci=us-801796h&amp;amp;cg=0&amp;amp;cc=1&amp;amp;si=http://www.foxnews.com/tech/2014/10/03/new-google-messaging-app-rumored-for-2015-with-no-google-account-needed/&amp;amp;ts=noscript&amp;amp;rnd=1412462197419\" style=\"display:none;\" width=\"0\" height=\"0\" border=\"0\" alt=\"\"&gt; &lt;img src=\"http://b.scorecardresearch.com/p?c1=2&amp;c2=9013181&amp;c3=&amp;c4=http://www.foxnews.com/tech/2014/10/03/new-google-messaging-app-rumored-for-2015-with-no-google-account-needed/&amp;c5=&amp;c6=&amp;c15=&amp;cv=2.2&amp;cj=1\" style=\"display:none;\" width=\"0\" height=\"0\" border=\"0\" alt=\"\"&gt; resend email verification to sign in you must verify your email address. fill out the form below and we'll send you an email to verify. {* #resendverificationform *} {* resendverification_emailaddress *} {* newpasswordformbutton *} {* /resendverificationform *} please change your display name. your display name is unavailable. {* #postloginform1 *} {*postlogin_displayname *} {* postlogin_acceptbutton *} {* /postloginform1 *} your verification email has been sent check your email for a link to reset your password. sign in account deletion are you sure you want to permanently delete your fox news digital account? you will lose your activity history and email preferences. {* confirmdeactivateform *} {* confirmdeactivatebutton *} {* /confirmdeactivateform *} you did it! your password has been successfully changed. close change your password {* newpasswordform *} {* oldpassword *} {* newpassword *} {* newpasswordconfirm *} i forgot my password {* newpasswordformbutton *} {* /newpasswordform *} member profile don't have an account? create one now {* profilephotocustom *} {* public_displayname *} {* member_since *} {* public_city *} {* public_state *} {* public_country *} {* public_birthdate *} {* public_gender *} {* slider_public *} user stats comments ureports likes shares {* public_shares *} sign in with your existing account ??facebook ??google+ ??twitter ??yahoo ??linkedin ??aol with a fox news account sign up ? {* #userinformationform *} {* traditionalsignin_emailaddress *} {* traditionalsignin_password *} i forgot my password {* traditionalsignin_signinbutton *} {* /userinformationform *} find answers to your questions about the fox news community in our faqs. sign in welcome back, {* welcomename *} (not you?) sign in with your account use another account ? ??{* returnprovider *} privacy policy sign in welcome back, (not you?) sign in with your account use another account ? {* #userinformationform *} {* traditionalsignin_emailaddress *} {* traditionalsignin_password *} {* traditionalsignin_signinbutton *} {* /userinformationform *} privacy policy you're almost done! complete the following form to submit your registration. {* #socialregistrationform *} {* socialregistration_firstname *} {* socialregistration_lastname *} {* socialregistration_displayname *} {* socialregistration_emailaddress *} {* registration_birthday *} terms of service {* agreetoterms *} {* socialregistration_button *} {* /socialregistrationform *} create a fox news account already have an account? sign in ? {* #registrationform *} {* traditionalregistration_firstname *} {* traditionalregistration_lastname *} {* traditionalregistration_displayname *} {* traditionalregistration_emailaddress *} {* traditionalregistration_password *} {* traditionalregistration_passwordconfirm *} {* registration_birthday *} subscribe to fox news email newsletters optional fox news morning headlines fox news top headlines fox business breaking alerts fox news breaking alerts security check {* captcha *} {* agreetoterms *} {* createaccountbutton *} {* /registrationform *} thank you for registering! once you confirm your email address you will be able to access commenting and exclusive content on all the fox news digital websites! verify your email we just sent an email to your account to verify your email address. check your inbox and click on the link to confirm your account. close forgot my password enter your current email address, and we'll send you instructions to create a new password. {* #forgotpasswordform *} {* forgotpassword_emailaddress *} {* forgotpassword_sendbutton *} {* /forgotpasswordform *} forgot my password success! you should receive an email shortly with instructions to change your password. close {* mergeaccounts {\"custom\": true} *} create a fox news account it looks like you've been here before. we already have an account for: {| current_emailaddress |} connect this session with your existing account forgot password? not you? continue creating a new account sign in to complete account merge {* #tradauthenticatemergeform *} {* traditionalsignin_emailaddress *} {* traditionalsignin_password *} {* traditionalsignin_signinbutton *} forgot password? {* /tradauthenticatemergeform *}", "bull": 1}, {"raw_text": "insects inspire military mini drones | fox news search sign in to comment!login fox news home watch live trending video politics politics home midterm elections executive senate house of representatives defense judiciary scandals congress to-do list u.s. u.s. home crime terrorism economy immigration disasters military education environment personal freedoms regions opinion opinion home todd starnes judith miller juan williams kt mcfarland dr. keith ablow karl rove ric grenell entertainment [fox411] home celebrity news movies tv music style [fox411] video tech tech home gadgets google social military tech smartphones video games slideshows science science home archaeology air &amp; space planet earth wild nature natural science dinosaurs slideshows health health home men's health women's health children's health alternative medicine diabetes heart health allergies nutrition &amp; fitness travel travel home slideshows in 5 guides lifestyle lifestyle home auto food &amp; drink real estate recipes wine with me world world home u.n. conflicts terrorism disasters global economy environment religion scandals regions sports sports home football basketball hockey baseball college sports tennis nascar golf more sports stats on air on air home a healthy you &amp; carol alt america's news hq america's newsroom cavuto fox files fox &amp; friends first fox &amp; friends fox &amp; friends weekend fox news sunday geraldo at large greta hannity happening now huckabee justice with judge jeanine #mediabuzz outnumbered red eye w/ gutfeld shepard smith reporting special report specials sunday morning futures with maria bartiromo the cost of freedom the five the journal editorial report the kelly file the o'reilly factor the real story w/ gretchen carlson war stories more from fox news fox news fox business fox news latino fox news go fox news radio fox nation fox news insider fox news fox business fox news latino fox news go fox news radio fox nation fox news insider menu home foxnews.com search home gadgets google social military tech smartphones video games slideshows war games insects inspire military mini drones by allison barriepublished september 18, 2014foxnews.com facebook275 twitter290 livefyre14 email print now playing war games: flying and crawling microbots to join us forces is it a wasp? is it a spider? ?is it a fly? it?s actually a tiny drone conducting a military surveillance mission. tiny intelligent flying and crawling robots, inspired by insects and animals, could soon help the armed forces.advertisementadvertisement the micro autonomous systems and technology (mast) program is the army research laboratory?s collaboration with a number of teams drawn from industry and academia. the 10-year initiative, which began in 2007, aims to create intelligent next generation micro robots. bae systems is the industrial lead for the project, which also involves the nasa jet propulsion lab, university of maryland, the university of michigan, and the university of pennsylvania. the mast-inspired micro robots could provide u.s. ground forces, small units and individual soldiers with the capability to conduct surveillance within complex urban environments and difficult terrain ? significantly increasing their safety. what do they look like? one bae systems prototype looks like a fly and weighs less than an ounce. its lightweight carbon joints help the robot imitate real flies. with a wingspan of just over an inch, its wings beat 110 times per second. the university of pennsylvania?s smallest robot weighs less than three quarters of an ounce and is very quick - travelling at about 53 body lengths per second. other tech resembles spiders and lizards. how could these micro robots be used? the robots could be sent on missions to collect lifesaving data for frontline troops. mast hopes to produces lots of different microbots that will give soldiers additional eyes and ears for different environments. in urban, rough or complex terrains, the microbots could be particularly useful for small units, giving them better situational awareness. microbots can capitalize on their size to move quietly and easily access small spaces. if a unit approaches a building and needs to know what?s inside, for example, the soldiers could deploy a reconnaissance team of microbots. the robots could penetrate the building undetected, search the interior, map the layout, and provide data on the building?s occupants and their locations. soldiers may also need to enter areas where gps technology won?t function, such as underground. this would be another scenario where the microbots could provide 3d mapping and navigation. they could also be used to detect and track people or to locate threats such as explosives and bomb making materials. the bots will know the relative positions of their robot counterparts and can detect obstacles in the path of the mini surveillance team. the flying mini-drones will also detect obstacles and threats located above, below, at either side and behind the microbots. ground-based versions of the technology will be able to adapt their method of movement to different terrain. the university of pennsylvania has been working on giving their robots the ability to automatically reconfigure and adapt to both human commands and their environment. to ensure that these microbots can be monitored and managed as groups, the team is creating cutting-edge methods of sensing, communication, control and computation. the robots will be able to operate on their own and may eventually be equipped with a range of sensors for location and orientation. they may also provide additional data from audio, thermal, magnetic, and chemical sensors. understanding insects insects and other animals have been key to developing the mini drones. working out how insects sense their environment, move around and react to threats is leading to breakthroughs. the army research laboratory, for example, has studied scorpion biomechanics. the hairs on a scorpion?s arm can sense vibrations and identify threats in its environment. researchers want to replicate this capability, allowing a robot to detect footsteps and, if necessary, hide. the scorpion?s tail system helps it change its center of motion and gravity. scientists have also been looking at building a robot version of a scorpion?s tail, which helps the arthropod change its center of motion and gravity. ? ? ? ? ? advertisement tech video gadgets for the world traveler (video - tech) gadgets for the head (video - tech) moving? use cell phone to save time, money (video - tech) a wearable that doesn't need a smartphone companion? (video - tech) gadgets for the world traveler (video - tech) gadgets for the head (video - tech) moving? use cell phone to save time, money (video - tech) a wearable that doesn't need a smartphone companion? (video - tech) recommended by trending in tech 1 3 ways crooks attack on public wi-fi 2 has derek jeter hit a social media home run? 3 jp morgan chase hack: 4 steps you must do now 4 man allegedly shoots down neighbor?s drone with shotgun 5 beware craigslist dangers, security experts warn see all trends scitech connect subscribe to the daily geek sheet for top science and technology stories thank you! your subscription has been submitted. from our partners3 ways crooks attack on public wi-fifox news techhas derek jeter hit a social media home run?fox news techiphone 6 vs galaxy note 3 bend test reveals clear winnergotta be mobilehas derek jeter hit a social media home run?fox news tech advertisement ? sponsored stories you may like this new gmail app is almost too good to be true evolving seo your 401(k) isn't growing as fast as it should - here's why? mint these 10 cars and trucks prove least reliable according to consumer reports business cheat sheet 'aunt jemima' heirs sue pepsi, quaker oats for $2 billion in royalties fortune this new gmail app is almost too good to be true evolving seo your 401(k) isn't growing as fast as it should - here's why? mint these 10 cars and trucks prove least reliable according to consumer reports business cheat sheet 'aunt jemima' heirs sue pepsi, quaker oats for $2 billion in royalties fortune recommended by america's election hq see the latest updates on the hottest midterm races from fox news full elections coverage ? iphone 6 vs galaxy note 3 bend test reveals clear winnercan an iphone 6 plus replace your ipad mini with retina?don?t turn on this ios 8 feature yetios 8.0.2 on iphone 5s reviewhow to use microsoft office for free site index sections home video politics u.s. opinion entertainment tech science health travel lifestyle world sports weather on air tools live video trending ureport newsletters alerts blogs mobile podcasts radio fox news store apps &amp; downloads about careers college students fox around the world advertise with us terms of use privacy policy ad choices contact us email newsroom faq media relations follow facebook twitter google+ linkedin rss newsletters fox news back to top this material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. ?2014 fox news network, llc. all rights reserved. all market data delayed 20 minutes. privacy - terms - faq &lt;img src=\"http://metrics.foxnews.com/b/ss/foxnews/1/h22.1--ns/1412462212795?pagename=noscript:tech:subsection:article&amp;g=http://www.foxnews.com/tech/2014/09/18/insects-inspire-military-mini-drones/\" style=\"display:none;\" width=\"0\" height=\"0\" border=\"0\" alt=\"\"&gt; &lt;img src=\"//secure-us.imrworldwide.com/cgi-bin/m?ci=us-801796h&amp;amp;cg=0&amp;amp;cc=1&amp;amp;si=http://www.foxnews.com/tech/2014/09/18/insects-inspire-military-mini-drones/&amp;amp;ts=noscript&amp;amp;rnd=1412462212795\" style=\"display:none;\" width=\"0\" height=\"0\" border=\"0\" alt=\"\"&gt; &lt;img src=\"http://b.scorecardresearch.com/p?c1=2&amp;c2=9013181&amp;c3=&amp;c4=http://www.foxnews.com/tech/2014/09/18/insects-inspire-military-mini-drones/&amp;c5=&amp;c6=&amp;c15=&amp;cv=2.2&amp;cj=1\" style=\"display:none;\" width=\"0\" height=\"0\" border=\"0\" alt=\"\"&gt; resend email verification to sign in you must verify your email address. fill out the form below and we'll send you an email to verify. {* #resendverificationform *} {* resendverification_emailaddress *} {* newpasswordformbutton *} {* /resendverificationform *} please change your display name. your display name is unavailable. {* #postloginform1 *} {*postlogin_displayname *} {* postlogin_acceptbutton *} {* /postloginform1 *} your verification email has been sent check your email for a link to reset your password. sign in account deletion are you sure you want to permanently delete your fox news digital account? you will lose your activity history and email preferences. {* confirmdeactivateform *} {* confirmdeactivatebutton *} {* /confirmdeactivateform *} you did it! your password has been successfully changed. close change your password {* newpasswordform *} {* oldpassword *} {* newpassword *} {* newpasswordconfirm *} i forgot my password {* newpasswordformbutton *} {* /newpasswordform *} member profile don't have an account? create one now {* profilephotocustom *} {* public_displayname *} {* member_since *} {* public_city *} {* public_state *} {* public_country *} {* public_birthdate *} {* public_gender *} {* slider_public *} user stats comments ureports likes shares {* public_shares *} sign in with your existing account ??facebook ??google+ ??twitter ??yahoo ??linkedin ??aol with a fox news account sign up ? {* #userinformationform *} {* traditionalsignin_emailaddress *} {* traditionalsignin_password *} i forgot my password {* traditionalsignin_signinbutton *} {* /userinformationform *} find answers to your questions about the fox news community in our faqs. sign in welcome back, {* welcomename *} (not you?) sign in with your account use another account ? ??{* returnprovider *} privacy policy sign in welcome back, (not you?) sign in with your account use another account ? {* #userinformationform *} {* traditionalsignin_emailaddress *} {* traditionalsignin_password *} {* traditionalsignin_signinbutton *} {* /userinformationform *} privacy policy you're almost done! complete the following form to submit your registration. {* #socialregistrationform *} {* socialregistration_firstname *} {* socialregistration_lastname *} {* socialregistration_displayname *} {* socialregistration_emailaddress *} {* registration_birthday *} terms of service {* agreetoterms *} {* socialregistration_button *} {* /socialregistrationform *} create a fox news account already have an account? sign in ? {* #registrationform *} {* traditionalregistration_firstname *} {* traditionalregistration_lastname *} {* traditionalregistration_displayname *} {* traditionalregistration_emailaddress *} {* traditionalregistration_password *} {* traditionalregistration_passwordconfirm *} {* registration_birthday *} subscribe to fox news email newsletters optional fox news morning headlines fox news top headlines fox business breaking alerts fox news breaking alerts security check {* captcha *} {* agreetoterms *} {* createaccountbutton *} {* /registrationform *} thank you for registering! once you confirm your email address you will be able to access commenting and exclusive content on all the fox news digital websites! verify your email we just sent an email to your account to verify your email address. check your inbox and click on the link to confirm your account. close forgot my password enter your current email address, and we'll send you instructions to create a new password. {* #forgotpasswordform *} {* forgotpassword_emailaddress *} {* forgotpassword_sendbutton *} {* /forgotpasswordform *} forgot my password success! you should receive an email shortly with instructions to change your password. close {* mergeaccounts {\"custom\": true} *} create a fox news account it looks like you've been here before. we already have an account for: {| current_emailaddress |} connect this session with your existing account forgot password? not you? continue creating a new account sign in to complete account merge {* #tradauthenticatemergeform *} {* traditionalsignin_emailaddress *} {* traditionalsignin_password *} {* traditionalsignin_signinbutton *} forgot password? {* /tradauthenticatemergeform *} facebooktwitterlinkedinemailsocial sharing by janrainshare on your timelineshared on your timelinethanks for sharing with your friends on facebook. share with your other networks too!start overx+4editdoneor browse friendsand 0 morex+it appears the url has been modified. restore?0editdonex+it appears the url has been modified. restore?0editdonehttp://www.foxnews.com/tech/2014/09/18/insects-inspire-military-mini-drones/?intcmp=tech_hcuundefinedconnecting to facebook failed. %tag%view error%gat%shareconnecttweet to your followersprefer a direct message? choose followersshared to twitterdirect message your followersyou can also tweet to all your followerssent to your followersthanks for sharing with your followers on twitter. share with your other networks too!start overselect your followersx+11editdoneclosedoneselected followersx+11editdoneclosedonex+4editdoneor browse followersand 0 morex+it appears the url has been modified. restore?140editdonex+url will be shortened100editdonehttp://www.foxnews.com/tech/2014/09/18/insects-inspire-military-mini-drones/?intcmp=tech_hcuundefinedconnecting to twitter failed. %tag%view error%gat%shareconnectshare with your connectionsprefer sending a message? choose connectionsshared to linkedinmessage to your connectionsyou can also share with all connectionssent to your connectionsthanks for sharing with your connections on linkedin. share with your other networks too!start overselect your connectionsx+11editdoneclosedoneselected connectionsx+11editdoneclosedonex+4editdoneor browse connectionsand 0 morex+it appears the url has been modified. restore?0editdonex+it appears the url has been modified. restore?0editdonehttp://www.foxnews.com/tech/2014/09/18/insects-inspire-military-mini-drones/?intcmp=tech_hcuundefinedsign in to your email providerconnecting to linkedin failed. %tag%view error%gat%shareconnectshare with your friends by emailemail sentthanks for sharing with your contacts via email. share with your other networks too!start overselect your contactsx+11editdoneclosedoneselected contactsx+11editdoneclosedonex+30editdoneor browse contactsand 0 morex+it appears the url has been modified. restore?0editdonex+-92editdonehttp://www.foxnews.com/tech/2014/09/18/insects-inspire-military-mini-drones/?intcmp=tech_hcuundefinedsign in to your email providerconnecting to email failed. %tag%view error%gat%connectconnectgoogleyahoo", "bull": 1}, {"raw_text": "navy test-fires upgraded tomahawk | fox news search sign in to comment!login fox news home watch live trending video politics politics home midterm elections executive senate house of representatives defense judiciary scandals congress to-do list u.s. u.s. home crime terrorism economy immigration disasters military education environment personal freedoms regions opinion opinion home todd starnes judith miller juan williams kt mcfarland dr. keith ablow karl rove ric grenell entertainment [fox411] home celebrity news movies tv music style [fox411] video tech tech home gadgets google social military tech smartphones video games slideshows science science home archaeology air &amp; space planet earth wild nature natural science dinosaurs slideshows health health home men's health women's health children's health alternative medicine diabetes heart health allergies nutrition &amp; fitness travel travel home slideshows in 5 guides lifestyle lifestyle home auto food &amp; drink real estate recipes wine with me world world home u.n. conflicts terrorism disasters global economy environment religion scandals regions sports sports home football basketball hockey baseball college sports tennis nascar golf more sports stats on air on air home a healthy you &amp; carol alt america's news hq america's newsroom cavuto fox files fox &amp; friends first fox &amp; friends fox &amp; friends weekend fox news sunday geraldo at large greta hannity happening now huckabee justice with judge jeanine #mediabuzz outnumbered red eye w/ gutfeld shepard smith reporting special report specials sunday morning futures with maria bartiromo the cost of freedom the five the journal editorial report the kelly file the o'reilly factor the real story w/ gretchen carlson war stories more from fox news fox news fox business fox news latino fox news go fox news radio fox nation fox news insider fox news fox business fox news latino fox news go fox news radio fox nation fox news insider menu home foxnews.com search home gadgets google social military tech smartphones video games slideshows us navy navy test-fires upgraded tomahawk by kris osbornpublished october 02, 2014military.com facebook51 twitter17 livefyre9 email print in this photo released by the u.s. navy, the guided-missile destroyer uss arleigh burke launches tomahawk cruise missiles, in the arabian gulf, tuesday, sept. 23, 2014.?(ap photo/carlos m. vazquez ii, u.s. navy) the navy and raytheon recently flight tested software upgrades to the tomahawk missile with two sea-launched test-firings near china lake, calif., designed to shoot the weapon up to high altitudes and assess the weapon?s improved maneuverability. the first test took place from a nuclear submarine ? the uss hampton. the submarine fired a tomahawk block iv from its vertical capsule launch system.advertisementadvertisement ?the missile flew a pre-planned mission until a strike controller located at a maritime command center directed the tomahawk to a new target. the missile successfully demonstrated enhanced flex retargeting before striking the updated target at the china lake weapons range,? a raytheon statement said. in the second test, the guided missile cruiser? uss lake champlain launched a tomahawk block iv to the missile?s highest ever altitude, raytheon officials said. ?the tomahawk flew a series of pre-planned high altitude maneuvers demonstrating improved performance in its flight regime. ?the missile completed a pre-planned vertical dive impacting a target on san nicolas island off the southern california coast,? a raytheon statement said. navy tomahawk program manager capt. joe mauser said the ?tests validated recent software updates that improve the weapon system flight performance.? raytheon officials said the tests were merely the latest move in a series of ongoing steps aimed at further upgrading and modernizing the tomahawk block iv missile. ?we?re constantly trying to provide more value out of the tomahawk and upgrade its software and hardware. these tests pushed the envelope in terms of maneuvers,? roy donelson, raytheon tomahawk program manager added. donelson explained that the test showed what he called enhanced flux in-flight re-targeting wherein the missile can skim along the sea or fly at high altitudes before reaching its target. overall, raytheon has delivered more than 3,000 tomahawk block iv missiles to the navy.? the missiles are expected to complete a 30-year service life after being re-certified at the 15-year mark. the inventory of block iv missiles are slated to go through a re-certification process in 2018 and 2019. tomahawks have been upgraded numerous times over their years of service. the block iv tomahawk, in service since 2004, includes a two-way data link for in-flight re-targeting, terrain navigation, digital scene-matching cameras and a high-grade inertial navigation system, said donelson. the weapon is also capable of performing battle damage assessment missions by relaying images through a data link, he said. the re-certification process for block iv tomahawks will provide occasion to implement a series of high-tech upgrades to the missile platform which improve the weapon?s lethality, guidance and ability to find and destroy moving targets, donelson explained. with this in mind, raytheon has been conducting ongoing re-certification studies with the navy to take up key questions regarding upgrades and new technologies for the platform, donelson said. along these lines, the fiscal year 2015 budget also adds $150 million for a new tomahawk missile navigation and communications suite in order to better enable the weapon to operate in anti-access/area-denial environments, he added. donelson explained that a number of the current technological upgrade efforts are timed to coincide with the planned re-certification of the inventory of block iv tomahawk missiles. along with the advanced communications and navigation suite, which is planned to be ready by 2018 or 2019, raytheon is also developing a new seeker, processor and warhead for the weapon. ?with a 30 year service life and a 15 year warranty a lot of these systems will come back in 2018 and 2019 with all the upgrades.?tomahawk?will be able to do autonomous and semi-autonomous operations in the future.? we?re looking at supersonic concepts and new payloads,? he said. among the new payloads is a?more-penetrating warhead is called the?joint multiple effects warhead system, or jmews. it was recently sponsored by u.s. central command.?the jmews would give the tomahawk?better bunker buster type effects ? meaning it could enable the weapon to better penetrate hardened structures like concrete. donelson said that raytheon is conducting jmews risk-reduction testing with the navy and hopes to enter into a new development phase by next year. testing analyzed the ability of the programmable warhead to integrate onto the most advanced block iv tomahawk missile, a weapon which can loiter over targets, send back single frame images and change course in flight via a gps guidance system. donelson explained that raytheon is also working on new passive and active seeker technology for the tomahawk which would even better enable the weapon to discriminate between targets and destroy moving targets. a passive seeker can receive an electromagnetic signal and follow it, whereas an active seeker has the ability to send out or ping an electronic signal and bounce it off potential targets, he added. raytheon is planning additional testing for its new seeker system on the weapon, which would allow it to separate legitimate from false targets while on-the-move. after additional lab testing, ground testing and flight testing, an integrate suite consisting of an active seeker, passive seeker and high-speed processor is slated to be ready by 2015, donelson said. raytheon has invested $40 million thus far developing the new seeker and processor, and plans another captive carry test of the seeker in coming months, he added. in service for 30 years and having been utilized in 20-years of operational combat, tomahawks?have been the focus of a number of incremental technological improvements ranging from navigation to targeting and data-link upgrades. also, raytheon is looking at multi-year contracts with the navy for future tomahawk production in order to lower prices. in addition, looking to find additional foreign military sales customers for the tomahawk is another method of seeking to increase production and therefore lower costs. tomahawk missiles weigh 3,500 pounds with a booster and can travel at subsonic speeds up to 550 miles per hour at ranges greater than 900 nautical miles. they are just over 18-feet long and have an 8-foot, 9-inch wingspan. the navy is in the early stages of conducting an analysis of alternatives exploring options for a next-generation land attack weapon. it remains unclear whether they will use next-generation, upgraded tomahawks?to meet this requirement or chose to develop a new system. advertisement more from military.comsikorsky unveils s-97 raider light-attack helocorps eyes new amphibious assault vehiclesmarines test tethered unmanned vehicle tech video gadgets for the world traveler (video - tech) moving? use cell phone to save time, money (video - tech) is ello a facebook killer? (video - tech) a wearable that doesn't need a smartphone companion? (video - tech) gadgets for the world traveler (video - tech) moving? use cell phone to save time, money (video - tech) is ello a facebook killer? (video - tech) a wearable that doesn't need a smartphone companion? (video - tech) recommended by trending in tech 1 3 ways crooks attack on public wi-fi 2 has derek jeter hit a social media home run? 3 jp morgan chase hack: 4 steps you must do now 4 man allegedly shoots down neighbor?s drone with shotgun 5 beware craigslist dangers, security experts warn see all trends scitech connect subscribe to the daily geek sheet for top science and technology stories thank you! your subscription has been submitted. from our partners3 ways crooks attack on public wi-fifox news techhas derek jeter hit a social media home run?fox news techiphone 6 vs galaxy note 3 bend test reveals clear winnergotta be mobilehas derek jeter hit a social media home run?fox news tech advertisement ? sponsored stories you may like innovation : who are the 10 most important inventors of all time ? thales japan again looks to get domestic fighter jet off ground nikkei asian review 9 amazing military technologies that will change warfare kiplinger here's why you no longer need a human financial advisor business insider innovation : who are the 10 most important inventors of all time ? thales japan again looks to get domestic fighter jet off ground nikkei asian review 9 amazing military technologies that will change warfare kiplinger here's why you no longer need a human financial advisor business insider recommended by america's election hq see the latest updates on the hottest midterm races from fox news full elections coverage ? iphone 6 vs galaxy note 3 bend test reveals clear winnercan an iphone 6 plus replace your ipad mini with retina?don?t turn on this ios 8 feature yetios 8.0.2 on iphone 5s reviewhow to use microsoft office for free site index sections home video politics u.s. opinion entertainment tech science health travel lifestyle world sports weather on air tools live video trending ureport newsletters alerts blogs mobile podcasts radio fox news store apps &amp; downloads about careers college students fox around the world advertise with us terms of use privacy policy ad choices contact us email newsroom faq media relations follow facebook twitter google+ linkedin rss newsletters fox news back to top this material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. ?2014 fox news network, llc. all rights reserved. all market data delayed 20 minutes. privacy - terms - faq &lt;img src=\"http://metrics.foxnews.com/b/ss/foxnews/1/h22.1--ns/1412462207979?pagename=noscript:tech:subsection:article&amp;g=http://www.foxnews.com/tech/2014/10/02/navy-test-fires-upgraded-tomahawk/\" style=\"display:none;\" width=\"0\" height=\"0\" border=\"0\" alt=\"\"&gt; &lt;img src=\"//secure-us.imrworldwide.com/cgi-bin/m?ci=us-801796h&amp;amp;cg=0&amp;amp;cc=1&amp;amp;si=http://www.foxnews.com/tech/2014/10/02/navy-test-fires-upgraded-tomahawk/&amp;amp;ts=noscript&amp;amp;rnd=1412462207979\" style=\"display:none;\" width=\"0\" height=\"0\" border=\"0\" alt=\"\"&gt; &lt;img src=\"http://b.scorecardresearch.com/p?c1=2&amp;c2=9013181&amp;c3=&amp;c4=http://www.foxnews.com/tech/2014/10/02/navy-test-fires-upgraded-tomahawk/&amp;c5=&amp;c6=&amp;c15=&amp;cv=2.2&amp;cj=1\" style=\"display:none;\" width=\"0\" height=\"0\" border=\"0\" alt=\"\"&gt; resend email verification to sign in you must verify your email address. fill out the form below and we'll send you an email to verify. {* #resendverificationform *} {* resendverification_emailaddress *} {* newpasswordformbutton *} {* /resendverificationform *} please change your display name. your display name is unavailable. {* #postloginform1 *} {*postlogin_displayname *} {* postlogin_acceptbutton *} {* /postloginform1 *} your verification email has been sent check your email for a link to reset your password. sign in account deletion are you sure you want to permanently delete your fox news digital account? you will lose your activity history and email preferences. {* confirmdeactivateform *} {* confirmdeactivatebutton *} {* /confirmdeactivateform *} you did it! your password has been successfully changed. close change your password {* newpasswordform *} {* oldpassword *} {* newpassword *} {* newpasswordconfirm *} i forgot my password {* newpasswordformbutton *} {* /newpasswordform *} member profile don't have an account? create one now {* profilephotocustom *} {* public_displayname *} {* member_since *} {* public_city *} {* public_state *} {* public_country *} {* public_birthdate *} {* public_gender *} {* slider_public *} user stats comments ureports likes shares {* public_shares *} sign in with your existing account ??facebook ??google+ ??twitter ??yahoo ??linkedin ??aol with a fox news account sign up ? {* #userinformationform *} {* traditionalsignin_emailaddress *} {* traditionalsignin_password *} i forgot my password {* traditionalsignin_signinbutton *} {* /userinformationform *} find answers to your questions about the fox news community in our faqs. sign in welcome back, {* welcomename *} (not you?) sign in with your account use another account ? ??{* returnprovider *} privacy policy sign in welcome back, (not you?) sign in with your account use another account ? {* #userinformationform *} {* traditionalsignin_emailaddress *} {* traditionalsignin_password *} {* traditionalsignin_signinbutton *} {* /userinformationform *} privacy policy you're almost done! complete the following form to submit your registration. {* #socialregistrationform *} {* socialregistration_firstname *} {* socialregistration_lastname *} {* socialregistration_displayname *} {* socialregistration_emailaddress *} {* registration_birthday *} terms of service {* agreetoterms *} {* socialregistration_button *} {* /socialregistrationform *} create a fox news account already have an account? sign in ? {* #registrationform *} {* traditionalregistration_firstname *} {* traditionalregistration_lastname *} {* traditionalregistration_displayname *} {* traditionalregistration_emailaddress *} {* traditionalregistration_password *} {* traditionalregistration_passwordconfirm *} {* registration_birthday *} subscribe to fox news email newsletters optional fox news morning headlines fox news top headlines fox business breaking alerts fox news breaking alerts security check {* captcha *} {* agreetoterms *} {* createaccountbutton *} {* /registrationform *} thank you for registering! once you confirm your email address you will be able to access commenting and exclusive content on all the fox news digital websites! verify your email we just sent an email to your account to verify your email address. check your inbox and click on the link to confirm your account. close forgot my password enter your current email address, and we'll send you instructions to create a new password. {* #forgotpasswordform *} {* forgotpassword_emailaddress *} {* forgotpassword_sendbutton *} {* /forgotpasswordform *} forgot my password success! you should receive an email shortly with instructions to change your password. close {* mergeaccounts {\"custom\": true} *} create a fox news account it looks like you've been here before. we already have an account for: {| current_emailaddress |} connect this session with your existing account forgot password? not you? continue creating a new account sign in to complete account merge {* #tradauthenticatemergeform *} {* traditionalsignin_emailaddress *} {* traditionalsignin_password *} {* traditionalsignin_signinbutton *} forgot password? {* /tradauthenticatemergeform *} facebooktwitterlinkedinemailsocial sharing by janrainshare on your timelineshared on your timelinethanks for sharing with your friends on facebook. share with your other networks too!start overx+4editdoneor browse friendsand 0 morex+it appears the url has been modified. restore?0editdonex+it appears the url has been modified. restore?0editdonehttp://www.foxnews.com/tech/2014/10/02/navy-test-fires-upgraded-tomahawk/undefinedconnecting to facebook failed. %tag%view error%gat%shareconnecttweet to your followersprefer a direct message? choose followersshared to twitterdirect message your followersyou can also tweet to all your followerssent to your followersthanks for sharing with your followers on twitter. share with your other networks too!start overselect your followersx+11editdoneclosedoneselected followersx+11editdoneclosedonex+4editdoneor browse followersand 0 morex+it appears the url has been modified. restore?140editdonex+url will be shortened116editdonehttp://www.foxnews.com/tech/2014/10/02/navy-test-fires-upgraded-tomahawk/undefinedconnecting to twitter failed. %tag%view error%gat%shareconnectshare with your connectionsprefer sending a message? choose connectionsshared to linkedinmessage to your connectionsyou can also share with all connectionssent to your connectionsthanks for sharing with your connections on linkedin. share with your other networks too!start overselect your connectionsx+11editdoneclosedoneselected connectionsx+11editdoneclosedonex+4editdoneor browse connectionsand 0 morex+it appears the url has been modified. restore?0editdonex+it appears the url has been modified. restore?0editdonehttp://www.foxnews.com/tech/2014/10/02/navy-test-fires-upgraded-tomahawk/undefinedsign in to your email providerconnecting to linkedin failed. %tag%view error%gat%shareconnectshare with your friends by emailemail sentthanks for sharing with your contacts via email. share with your other networks too!start overselect your contactsx+11editdoneclosedoneselected contactsx+11editdoneclosedonex+30editdoneor browse contactsand 0 morex+it appears the url has been modified. restore?0editdonex+-73editdonehttp://www.foxnews.com/tech/2014/10/02/navy-test-fires-upgraded-tomahawk/undefinedsign in to your email providerconnecting to email failed. %tag%view error%gat%connectconnectgoogleyahoo", "bull": 1}, {"raw_text": "smartmat guides your yoga moves | fox news search sign in to comment!login fox news home watch live trending video politics politics home midterm elections executive senate house of representatives defense judiciary scandals congress to-do list u.s. u.s. home crime terrorism economy immigration disasters military education environment personal freedoms regions opinion opinion home todd starnes judith miller juan williams kt mcfarland dr. keith ablow karl rove ric grenell entertainment [fox411] home celebrity news movies tv music style [fox411] video tech tech home gadgets google social military tech smartphones video games slideshows science science home archaeology air &amp; space planet earth wild nature natural science dinosaurs slideshows health health home men's health women's health children's health alternative medicine diabetes heart health allergies nutrition &amp; fitness travel travel home slideshows in 5 guides lifestyle lifestyle home auto food &amp; drink real estate recipes wine with me world world home u.n. conflicts terrorism disasters global economy environment religion scandals regions sports sports home football basketball hockey baseball college sports tennis nascar golf more sports stats on air on air home a healthy you &amp; carol alt america's news hq america's newsroom cavuto fox files fox &amp; friends first fox &amp; friends fox &amp; friends weekend fox news sunday geraldo at large greta hannity happening now huckabee justice with judge jeanine #mediabuzz outnumbered red eye w/ gutfeld shepard smith reporting special report specials sunday morning futures with maria bartiromo the cost of freedom the five the journal editorial report the kelly file the o'reilly factor the real story w/ gretchen carlson war stories more from fox news fox news fox business fox news latino fox news go fox news radio fox nation fox news insider fox news fox business fox news latino fox news go fox news radio fox nation fox news insider menu home foxnews.com search innovation smartmat guides your yoga moves by chris huttonpublished october 02, 2014 facebook0 twitter0 livefyre email print ?(smartmat, inc.) yoga is an activity that requires peace and precision in order to work. practitioners are always trying to adjust their pose in order to get the best results. however, adjusting your position can be difficult when you don't have a teacher on hand. without these adjustments, practitioners can harm themselves while exercising. that's why a california-based startup has made the $347 smartmat, the first yoga mat that will track and adjust your posture as you go. smartmat looks like any other yoga mat, even if a lot more expensive. however, designers combined a piezoresistive (electromagnetic) layer with smartgrip surface technology to provide users with a layer of sensors for tracking their position. after users input their body data and calibrate the device, smartmat will track your positioning to see if your body matches the proper form. if you're off-form, the mat will tell you via the accompanying ios or android app to adjust your body alignment, balance and pose. the smartmat comes with three settings for recording and alerting the user during a yoga routine; in-home private mode (which provides full feedback), in-class assist mode (which provides less distracting feedback) and zen mode (which only tracks your data).advertisementadvertisement more: 10 best yoga apps the smartmat comes with a pre-set collection of moves that it will track. however, if those moves are not enough, the smartmat marketplace comes with an assortment of programs for tracking and assisting users with their routine. smartmats are charged via usb and have a 6 hour battery life. the mat connects to your tablet or smartphone via bluetooth. the smartmat team is currently trying to raise $110,000 on indiegogo. the first 450 backers can preorder a smartmat for $247. the next 1200 of the backers can pay $297 to get one. all others can pay $347 to get one. if a backer is willing, they can preorder a smartmat with premium color choices. most of the mats can be preordered in either grey, light blue or light green. premium backers can get one in pink or black. the smartmat will be delivered in waves according the backer level, with the first set of orders arriving in july 2015, and the rest arriving by september 2015. the smartmat is a really unique product in the exercise market. by offering yoga practitioners a way to track their posture and make sure they're doing it right, smartmat helps minimize the potential for personal harm and for getting the best exercise results. we do wonder about how accurate the built-in sensors are, or how much variety the smartmat marketplace will have. we do hope this project turns out well. america's election hq see the latest updates on the hottest midterm races from fox news full elections coverage ? ebola update: 46 people being monitored, family has been moved wow! the most amazing images in science this week why global food companies are dumping animal cruelty (op-ed) mouse study: ibuprofen may make old lungs look young prostate cancer in young men: what you should know great archaeological discoveries ahead: photos opinion: more archaeological finds coming through tech angry, rolling cloud is first new type in 60 years majorana discovery: after 80 year search, weird particle found vanishing bumble bee species reappears in virginia we take a closer look at the windows 10 technical preview?s new design anura is a pocket-sized flying camera drone you can take with you wherever you go google building lego-like screens that seamlessly connect to form larger displays ford c-max flaunts new face at paris motor show windows 10 poll: is the new start menu enough of a reason for you to upgrade? operations in iraq and syria finally to get a name troop estimate for ebola fight boosted to 4,000 or higher air force works to replace jstars fleet progress continues on safer, 500-pound bomb navy ends search for marine who fell off osprey, presumed dead best shows to watch on hulu right now would you trade your private data for a cookie? apple schedules ipad event for october 16 (report) give me tech! episode 5: bendgate and ios 8 fails rico turns used smartphones into home security lenovo vibe z2 pro phone packs giant battery, 2k display amazon fire phone vs. iphone 5s vs. galaxy s5: face-off best back-to-school deals and discounts 2014 iphone 6 launch set for sept 9 (reports) tests show t-mobile smartphones offer most battery life site index sections home video politics u.s. opinion entertainment tech science health travel lifestyle world sports weather on air tools live video trending ureport newsletters alerts blogs mobile podcasts radio fox news store apps &amp; downloads about careers college students fox around the world advertise with us terms of use privacy policy ad choices contact us email newsroom faq media relations follow facebook twitter google+ linkedin rss newsletters fox news back to top this material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. ?2014 fox news network, llc. all rights reserved. all market data delayed 20 minutes. privacy - terms - faq &lt;img src=\"http://metrics.foxnews.com/b/ss/foxnews/1/h22.1--ns/1412462018314?pagename=noscript:tech:front:article&amp;g=http://www.foxnews.com/tech/2014/10/02/smartmat-guides-your-yoga-moves/\" style=\"display:none;\" width=\"0\" height=\"0\" border=\"0\" alt=\"\"&gt; &lt;img src=\"//secure-us.imrworldwide.com/cgi-bin/m?ci=us-801796h&amp;amp;cg=0&amp;amp;cc=1&amp;amp;si=http://www.foxnews.com/tech/2014/10/02/smartmat-guides-your-yoga-moves/&amp;amp;ts=noscript&amp;amp;rnd=1412462018314\" style=\"display:none;\" width=\"0\" height=\"0\" border=\"0\" alt=\"\"&gt; &lt;img src=\"http://b.scorecardresearch.com/p?c1=2&amp;c2=9013181&amp;c3=&amp;c4=http://www.foxnews.com/tech/2014/10/02/smartmat-guides-your-yoga-moves/&amp;c5=&amp;c6=&amp;c15=&amp;cv=2.2&amp;cj=1\" style=\"display:none;\" width=\"0\" height=\"0\" border=\"0\" alt=\"\"&gt;", "bull": 1}, {"raw_text": "us military taps advanced technology to save lives | fox news search sign in to comment!login fox news home watch live trending video politics politics home midterm elections executive senate house of representatives defense judiciary scandals congress to-do list u.s. u.s. home crime terrorism economy immigration disasters military education environment personal freedoms regions opinion opinion home todd starnes judith miller juan williams kt mcfarland dr. keith ablow karl rove ric grenell entertainment [fox411] home celebrity news movies tv music style [fox411] video tech tech home gadgets google social military tech smartphones video games slideshows science science home archaeology air &amp; space planet earth wild nature natural science dinosaurs slideshows health health home men's health women's health children's health alternative medicine diabetes heart health allergies nutrition &amp; fitness travel travel home slideshows in 5 guides lifestyle lifestyle home auto food &amp; drink real estate recipes wine with me world world home u.n. conflicts terrorism disasters global economy environment religion scandals regions sports sports home football basketball hockey baseball college sports tennis nascar golf more sports stats on air on air home a healthy you &amp; carol alt america's news hq america's newsroom cavuto fox files fox &amp; friends first fox &amp; friends fox &amp; friends weekend fox news sunday geraldo at large greta hannity happening now huckabee justice with judge jeanine #mediabuzz outnumbered red eye w/ gutfeld shepard smith reporting special report specials sunday morning futures with maria bartiromo the cost of freedom the five the journal editorial report the kelly file the o'reilly factor the real story w/ gretchen carlson war stories more from fox news fox news fox business fox news latino fox news go fox news radio fox nation fox news insider fox news fox business fox news latino fox news go fox news radio fox nation fox news insider menu home foxnews.com search home gadgets google social military tech smartphones video games slideshows war games us military taps advanced technology to save lives by allison barriepublished september 11, 2014foxnews.com facebook18 twitter31 livefyre1 email print john hall, president and ceo of voxtec international, demonstrates his company's real-time translation system, during a media opportunity at the u.s. southern command headquarters.?(ap photo/wilfredo lee) sophisticated drone, mapping, and translation technologies will play a significant role in the u.s. military?s disaster relief efforts. the u.s. southern command?s science, technology and experimentation division showed off a number of new technologies at its headquarters in miami last week, which will boost the military?s ability to perform humanitarian operations.advertisementadvertisement the division develops technology with a range of partners ? encompassing government and non-governmental organizations, as well as the corporate sector. here are three top picks from the event - a drone, a state of the art dynamic map, and a star trek-style translation device. instant eye developed by andover, mass.- based physical sciences, the instant eye aerial drone is designed to improve situational awareness during disaster response efforts. the gps-enabled unmanned aerial vehicle (uav) has two high-resolution cameras to provide real-time video of an area. it can deploy to help locate survivors, identify viable roads, and evaluate damage in disaster zones. the army research laboratory, combating terrorism technical support office, and the defense department?s emerging capabilities and prototyping office funded the uav?s development. the uav travels up to 50 miles per hour and can provide an ?instant eye? on an area for up to 30 minutes. the quad-rotor design and reflexive autopilot and sensors mean it can perform in windy environments. the 8-inch custom carbon fiber frame makes it robust for extreme conditions. instant eye can carry up to a pound so it could deliver urgent medicine or several cell phones to enable communication in areas where access has become difficult. in july, instant eye also received faa approval to fly in u.s. airspace to inspect critical infrastructure like power lines and pipelines. geoshape in the 2010 haiti earthquake or the 2004 thailand tsunami, the geoshape tool would have been invaluable. geoshape allows international organizations, militaries and local first responders to create, edit and share disaster-related data on an integrated dynamic map. in near real time, it can provide critical data on damage and available resources. as soon as a connection is established, the map is synchronized. what sort of data can the geoshape map provide? in addition to the information provided by a physical map, such as the location of hospitals and roads, it can also show up-to-date data on the current capacity of hospitals and the condition of roads. it can also show helicopter landing zones, food, water, and medical supplies, as well as the movements of support personnel.? the map can be updated and seen by authorized users from anywhere in the world. arbiter, geoshape?s mobile app, lets response personnel capture data and photos in the field and upload them to the map. synchronized mapping helps different responder teams better coordinate and provide a more effective, faster, response. squ.id responding to disasters around the world requires communicating in foreign languages. the squ.id sq 410, a ruggedized, hands-free, eyes-free translation device frees up the user to concentrate on the task at hand. made by annapolis, md.-based voxtec, the compact device is about five inches by three inches and weighs only 10 ounces. it has more than eight hours of battery life and a glove-friendly interface that?s extremely handy for disaster responders. voxtec has a library of 70 languages - ranging from indonesian and french to mandarin and urdu. the device does not need to be connected to a network to operate, which is handy in a disaster zone where power and connectivity can be very limited. the device also doesn?t need to be trained and learn to understand your voice. this means that a medic or other emergency personnel can simply speak into the microphone and within moments the device uses its speaker to convey the translation in the required language. ? ? ? ? advertisement tech video moving? use cell phone to save time, money (video - tech) gadgets for the world traveler (video - tech) gadgets for the head (video - tech) is ello a facebook killer? (video - tech) moving? use cell phone to save time, money (video - tech) gadgets for the world traveler (video - tech) gadgets for the head (video - tech) is ello a facebook killer? (video - tech) recommended by trending in tech 1 3 ways crooks attack on public wi-fi 2 has derek jeter hit a social media home run? 3 jp morgan chase hack: 4 steps you must do now 4 man allegedly shoots down neighbor?s drone with shotgun 5 beware craigslist dangers, security experts warn see all trends scitech connect subscribe to the daily geek sheet for top science and technology stories thank you! your subscription has been submitted. from our partners3 ways crooks attack on public wi-fifox news techhas derek jeter hit a social media home run?fox news techiphone 6 vs galaxy note 3 bend test reveals clear winnergotta be mobilehas derek jeter hit a social media home run?fox news tech advertisement ? sponsored stories you may like tivo roamio, i think i love you yahoo! 9 military technologies that will change warfare kiplinger x-47b heads to sea on carrier duty (pictures) cnet fight over world war ii-era tank goes to court usa today tivo roamio, i think i love you yahoo! 9 military technologies that will change warfare kiplinger x-47b heads to sea on carrier duty (pictures) cnet fight over world war ii-era tank goes to court usa today recommended by america's election hq see the latest updates on the hottest midterm races from fox news full elections coverage ? iphone 6 vs galaxy note 3 bend test reveals clear winnercan an iphone 6 plus replace your ipad mini with retina?don?t turn on this ios 8 feature yetios 8.0.2 on iphone 5s reviewhow to use microsoft office for free site index sections home video politics u.s. opinion entertainment tech science health travel lifestyle world sports weather on air tools live video trending ureport newsletters alerts blogs mobile podcasts radio fox news store apps &amp; downloads about careers college students fox around the world advertise with us terms of use privacy policy ad choices contact us email newsroom faq media relations follow facebook twitter google+ linkedin rss newsletters fox news back to top this material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. ?2014 fox news network, llc. all rights reserved. all market data delayed 20 minutes. privacy - terms - faq &lt;img src=\"http://metrics.foxnews.com/b/ss/foxnews/1/h22.1--ns/1412462224452?pagename=noscript:tech:subsection:article&amp;g=http://www.foxnews.com/tech/2014/09/11/us-military-taps-advanced-technology-to-save-lives/\" style=\"display:none;\" width=\"0\" height=\"0\" border=\"0\" alt=\"\"&gt; &lt;img src=\"//secure-us.imrworldwide.com/cgi-bin/m?ci=us-801796h&amp;amp;cg=0&amp;amp;cc=1&amp;amp;si=http://www.foxnews.com/tech/2014/09/11/us-military-taps-advanced-technology-to-save-lives/&amp;amp;ts=noscript&amp;amp;rnd=1412462224452\" style=\"display:none;\" width=\"0\" height=\"0\" border=\"0\" alt=\"\"&gt; &lt;img src=\"http://b.scorecardresearch.com/p?c1=2&amp;c2=9013181&amp;c3=&amp;c4=http://www.foxnews.com/tech/2014/09/11/us-military-taps-advanced-technology-to-save-lives/&amp;c5=&amp;c6=&amp;c15=&amp;cv=2.2&amp;cj=1\" style=\"display:none;\" width=\"0\" height=\"0\" border=\"0\" alt=\"\"&gt; resend email verification to sign in you must verify your email address. fill out the form below and we'll send you an email to verify. {* #resendverificationform *} {* resendverification_emailaddress *} {* newpasswordformbutton *} {* /resendverificationform *} please change your display name. your display name is unavailable. {* #postloginform1 *} {*postlogin_displayname *} {* postlogin_acceptbutton *} {* /postloginform1 *} your verification email has been sent check your email for a link to reset your password. sign in account deletion are you sure you want to permanently delete your fox news digital account? you will lose your activity history and email preferences. {* confirmdeactivateform *} {* confirmdeactivatebutton *} {* /confirmdeactivateform *} you did it! your password has been successfully changed. close change your password {* newpasswordform *} {* oldpassword *} {* newpassword *} {* newpasswordconfirm *} i forgot my password {* newpasswordformbutton *} {* /newpasswordform *} member profile don't have an account? create one now {* profilephotocustom *} {* public_displayname *} {* member_since *} {* public_city *} {* public_state *} {* public_country *} {* public_birthdate *} {* public_gender *} {* slider_public *} user stats comments ureports likes shares {* public_shares *} sign in with your existing account ??facebook ??google+ ??twitter ??yahoo ??linkedin ??aol with a fox news account sign up ? {* #userinformationform *} {* traditionalsignin_emailaddress *} {* traditionalsignin_password *} i forgot my password {* traditionalsignin_signinbutton *} {* /userinformationform *} find answers to your questions about the fox news community in our faqs. sign in welcome back, {* welcomename *} (not you?) sign in with your account use another account ? ??{* returnprovider *} privacy policy sign in welcome back, (not you?) sign in with your account use another account ? {* #userinformationform *} {* traditionalsignin_emailaddress *} {* traditionalsignin_password *} {* traditionalsignin_signinbutton *} {* /userinformationform *} privacy policy you're almost done! complete the following form to submit your registration. {* #socialregistrationform *} {* socialregistration_firstname *} {* socialregistration_lastname *} {* socialregistration_displayname *} {* socialregistration_emailaddress *} {* registration_birthday *} terms of service {* agreetoterms *} {* socialregistration_button *} {* /socialregistrationform *} create a fox news account already have an account? sign in ? {* #registrationform *} {* traditionalregistration_firstname *} {* traditionalregistration_lastname *} {* traditionalregistration_displayname *} {* traditionalregistration_emailaddress *} {* traditionalregistration_password *} {* traditionalregistration_passwordconfirm *} {* registration_birthday *} subscribe to fox news email newsletters optional fox news morning headlines fox news top headlines fox business breaking alerts fox news breaking alerts security check {* captcha *} {* agreetoterms *} {* createaccountbutton *} {* /registrationform *} thank you for registering! once you confirm your email address you will be able to access commenting and exclusive content on all the fox news digital websites! verify your email we just sent an email to your account to verify your email address. check your inbox and click on the link to confirm your account. close forgot my password enter your current email address, and we'll send you instructions to create a new password. {* #forgotpasswordform *} {* forgotpassword_emailaddress *} {* forgotpassword_sendbutton *} {* /forgotpasswordform *} forgot my password success! you should receive an email shortly with instructions to change your password. close {* mergeaccounts {\"custom\": true} *} create a fox news account it looks like you've been here before. we already have an account for: {| current_emailaddress |} connect this session with your existing account forgot password? not you? continue creating a new account sign in to complete account merge {* #tradauthenticatemergeform *} {* traditionalsignin_emailaddress *} {* traditionalsignin_password *} {* traditionalsignin_signinbutton *} forgot password? {* /tradauthenticatemergeform *} facebooktwitterlinkedinemailsocial sharing by janrainshare on your timelineshared on your timelinethanks for sharing with your friends on facebook. share with your other networks too!start overx+4editdoneor browse friendsand 0 morex+it appears the url has been modified. restore?0editdonex+it appears the url has been modified. restore?0editdonehttp://www.foxnews.com/tech/2014/09/11/us-military-taps-advanced-technology-to-save-lives/?intcmp=tech_hcuundefinedconnecting to facebook failed. %tag%view error%gat%shareconnecttweet to your followersprefer a direct message? choose followersshared to twitterdirect message your followersyou can also tweet to all your followerssent to your followersthanks for sharing with your followers on twitter. share with your other networks too!start overselect your followersx+11editdoneclosedoneselected followersx+11editdoneclosedonex+4editdoneor browse followersand 0 morex+it appears the url has been modified. restore?140editdonex+url will be shortened100editdonehttp://www.foxnews.com/tech/2014/09/11/us-military-taps-advanced-technology-to-save-lives/?intcmp=tech_hcuundefinedconnecting to twitter failed. %tag%view error%gat%shareconnectshare with your connectionsprefer sending a message? choose connectionsshared to linkedinmessage to your connectionsyou can also share with all connectionssent to your connectionsthanks for sharing with your connections on linkedin. share with your other networks too!start overselect your connectionsx+11editdoneclosedoneselected connectionsx+11editdoneclosedonex+4editdoneor browse connectionsand 0 morex+it appears the url has been modified. restore?0editdonex+it appears the url has been modified. restore?0editdonehttp://www.foxnews.com/tech/2014/09/11/us-military-taps-advanced-technology-to-save-lives/?intcmp=tech_hcuundefinedsign in to your email providerconnecting to linkedin failed. %tag%view error%gat%shareconnectshare with your friends by emailemail sentthanks for sharing with your contacts via email. share with your other networks too!start overselect your contactsx+11editdoneclosedoneselected contactsx+11editdoneclosedonex+30editdoneor browse contactsand 0 morex+it appears the url has been modified. restore?0editdonex+-106editdonehttp://www.foxnews.com/tech/2014/09/11/us-military-taps-advanced-technology-to-save-lives/?intcmp=tech_hcuundefinedsign in to your email providerconnecting to email failed. %tag%view error%gat%connectconnectgoogleyahoo", "bull": 1}, {"raw_text": "search sign in to comment!login fox news home watch live trending video politics politics home midterm elections executive senate house of representatives defense judiciary scandals congress to-do list u.s. u.s. home crime terrorism economy immigration disasters military education environment personal freedoms regions opinion opinion home todd starnes judith miller juan williams kt mcfarland dr. keith ablow karl rove ric grenell entertainment [fox411] home celebrity news movies tv music style [fox411] video tech tech home gadgets google social military tech smartphones video games slideshows science science home archaeology air &amp; space planet earth wild nature natural science dinosaurs slideshows health health home men's health women's health children's health alternative medicine diabetes heart health allergies nutrition &amp; fitness travel travel home slideshows in 5 guides lifestyle lifestyle home auto food &amp; drink real estate recipes wine with me world world home u.n. conflicts terrorism disasters global economy environment religion scandals regions sports sports home football basketball hockey baseball college sports tennis nascar golf more sports stats on air on air home a healthy you &amp; carol alt america's news hq america's newsroom cavuto fox files fox &amp; friends first fox &amp; friends fox &amp; friends weekend fox news sunday geraldo at large greta hannity happening now huckabee justice with judge jeanine #mediabuzz outnumbered red eye w/ gutfeld shepard smith reporting special report specials sunday morning futures with maria bartiromo the cost of freedom the five the journal editorial report the kelly file the o'reilly factor the real story w/ gretchen carlson war stories more from fox news fox news fox business fox news latino fox news go fox news radio fox nation fox news insider fox news fox business fox news latino fox news go fox news radio fox nation fox news insider menu home foxnews.com search science home air &amp; space archaeology planet earth wild nature natural science dinosaurs slideshows oceans shark attack: great white attacks fellow shark published october 03, 2014foxnews.com facebook100 twitter94 livefyre6 email print ?(barcroft tv) when adam malski, 33, first set out on a shark-diving expedition near the neptune islands, 50 miles at sea off the south australian coast, he did not expect to witness an epic shark-on-shark duel. while riding on the back of the boat, he captured footage of a large great white shark attacking a significantly smaller white shark. the footage, obtained by barcroft tv, makes for compelling viewing.advertisementadvertisement sydney-based malski, who was on a two-day diving trip, spotted the large shark ? given the name ?gilbert? ? only hours before. he told the u.k. mirror that the attack was ?surreal.? ?i asked the dive master and skipper of the boat what would happen if a smaller shark got in the way of a larger shark,? malksi said. ?the skipper responded, ?the big shark would take the smaller one down. literally six seconds later, that amazing scene was witnessed by me, the skipper, and the dive master.? malski said the attack was something no one on the boat had ever seen before. malski and his companions were watching the smaller 8.5 foot-long shark take the bait at the side of the boat. almost as soon as the smaller animal took the bait, gilbert, looking like it came straight out of a scene from ?jaws,? emerged from the water, sinking its teeth into the smaller shark, the mirror reports. great whites are very elusive creatures. some scientists estimate that massive sharks number less than 10,000 worldwide, and the secretive animals generally avoid fighting for food, according to sharkfacts.org. since these animals are so rare, malski said the bizarre out-of-left-field attack was even more fascinating. ?i believe that it is extremely rare footage as great whites are elusive and still largely unknown creatures,? malski told the mirror. while the event was gruesome to witness firsthand, malski added that after observing 18 different sharks closely during the expedition, he found the animals to be ?inquisitive? and ?not aggressive,? in general. ?even when one bumped my hand and camera when i was 20 meters (65.6 feet) underwater, there was no aggression ? just inquisitiveness.? at least during this expedition, gilbert proved to be the exception to the rule. while the large shark has been spotted in the waters near the neptune islands since malski?s footage was recorded, the smaller shark is nowhere to be seen. advertisement scitech connect subscribe to the daily geek sheet for top science and technology stories thank you! your subscription has been submitted. science video california father and son create device to repel sharks (video - science) california father and son create device to repel sharks (video - science) recommended by trending in science 1 shark attack: great white attacks fellow shark 2 guy discovers treasure, guards it by sleeping in car for 3 days 3 52-million-year-old 'ant-loving' beetle caught in amber 4 gov't audit raps los alamos over lax handling of radioactive waste 5 popular supplement is culprit in itchy rash see all trends american innovation more ? low-cost baby incubator aims to boost infant health startup touts noise elimination software for mobile phones scientists proceed with caution towards new gene mutation technology advertisement ? america's election hq see the latest updates on the hottest midterm races from fox news full elections coverage ? also on the web nasa predicts the apocalypse. and it's soon. (dailymotion) will epa rules leave americans out in the cold this winter? (count on coal) a surprising fact you don't know about poison ivy (columbia sportswear) ?transformational? new atlantic coast pipeline will bring natural gas to southeast (america's natural gas alliance) hijacked oil tanker rescued by navy seals (roll call) x-47b heads to sea on carrier duty (pictures) (cnet) more from fox news the new form of infidelity (health) new hampshire senate race centers on souring on obama (politics) town where texas girl sabrina allen was found reportedly a hotbed for human trafficking activity (fox news latino - old) man with implanted horns to jury that convicted him of murder: i'll see you all in hell (u.s.) scientist unlocks da vinci painting's secrets (science) guy discovers treasure, guards it by sleeping in car for 3 days (science) recommended by ebola update: 46 people being monitored, family has been moved wow! the most amazing images in science this week why global food companies are dumping animal cruelty (op-ed) mouse study: ibuprofen may make old lungs look young prostate cancer in young men: what you should know great archaeological discoveries ahead: photos opinion: more archaeological finds coming through tech angry, rolling cloud is first new type in 60 years majorana discovery: after 80 year search, weird particle found vanishing bumble bee species reappears in virginia we take a closer look at the windows 10 technical preview?s new design anura is a pocket-sized flying camera drone you can take with you wherever you go google building lego-like screens that seamlessly connect to form larger displays ford c-max flaunts new face at paris motor show windows 10 poll: is the new start menu enough of a reason for you to upgrade? best space photos of the week - oct. 4, 2014 see uranus with a shadowy full moon during total lunar eclipse nasa eyes crew deep sleep option for mars mission total lunar eclipse of oct. 8, 2014: sky maps and guides how spaceshipone and x prize launched commercial spaceflight 10 years ago chris martin joins kings of leon for hollywood show -- but was jennifer lawrence in the audience? hospital: us ebola patient in critical condition biden apologizes to turkish president over remarks the 7 best things to buy in october seniors: that offer for free medical supplies is a total scam site index sections home video politics u.s. opinion entertainment tech science health travel lifestyle world sports weather on air tools live video trending ureport newsletters alerts blogs mobile podcasts radio fox news store apps &amp; downloads about careers college students fox around the world advertise with us terms of use privacy policy ad choices contact us email newsroom faq media relations follow facebook twitter google+ linkedin rss newsletters fox news back to top this material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. ?2014 fox news network, llc. all rights reserved. all market data delayed 20 minutes. privacy - terms - faq &lt;img src=\"http://metrics.foxnews.com/b/ss/foxnews/1/h22.1--ns/1412462015371?pagename=noscript:science:subsection:article&amp;g=http://www.foxnews.com/science/2014/10/03/shark-attack-great-white-attacks-fellow-shark/\" style=\"display:none;\" width=\"0\" height=\"0\" border=\"0\" alt=\"\"&gt; &lt;img src=\"//secure-us.imrworldwide.com/cgi-bin/m?ci=us-801796h&amp;amp;cg=0&amp;amp;cc=1&amp;amp;si=http://www.foxnews.com/science/2014/10/03/shark-attack-great-white-attacks-fellow-shark/&amp;amp;ts=noscript&amp;amp;rnd=1412462015371\" style=\"display:none;\" width=\"0\" height=\"0\" border=\"0\" alt=\"\"&gt; &lt;img src=\"http://b.scorecardresearch.com/p?c1=2&amp;c2=9013181&amp;c3=&amp;c4=http://www.foxnews.com/science/2014/10/03/shark-attack-great-white-attacks-fellow-shark/&amp;c5=&amp;c6=&amp;c15=&amp;cv=2.2&amp;cj=1\" style=\"display:none;\" width=\"0\" height=\"0\" border=\"0\" alt=\"\"&gt; resend email verification to sign in you must verify your email address. fill out the form below and we'll send you an email to verify. {* #resendverificationform *} {* resendverification_emailaddress *} {* newpasswordformbutton *} {* /resendverificationform *} please change your display name. your display name is unavailable. {* #postloginform1 *} {*postlogin_displayname *} {* postlogin_acceptbutton *} {* /postloginform1 *} your verification email has been sent check your email for a link to reset your password. sign in account deletion are you sure you want to permanently delete your fox news digital account? you will lose your activity history and email preferences. {* confirmdeactivateform *} {* confirmdeactivatebutton *} {* /confirmdeactivateform *} you did it! your password has been successfully changed. close change your password {* newpasswordform *} {* oldpassword *} {* newpassword *} {* newpasswordconfirm *} i forgot my password {* newpasswordformbutton *} {* /newpasswordform *} member profile don't have an account? create one now {* profilephotocustom *} {* public_displayname *} {* member_since *} {* public_city *} {* public_state *} {* public_country *} {* public_birthdate *} {* public_gender *} {* slider_public *} user stats comments ureports likes shares {* public_shares *} sign in with your existing account ??facebook ??google+ ??twitter ??yahoo ??linkedin ??aol with a fox news account sign up ? {* #userinformationform *} {* traditionalsignin_emailaddress *} {* traditionalsignin_password *} i forgot my password {* traditionalsignin_signinbutton *} {* /userinformationform *} find answers to your questions about the fox news community in our faqs. sign in welcome back, {* welcomename *} (not you?) sign in with your account use another account ? ??{* returnprovider *} privacy policy sign in welcome back, (not you?) sign in with your account use another account ? {* #userinformationform *} {* traditionalsignin_emailaddress *} {* traditionalsignin_password *} {* traditionalsignin_signinbutton *} {* /userinformationform *} privacy policy you're almost done! complete the following form to submit your registration. {* #socialregistrationform *} {* socialregistration_firstname *} {* socialregistration_lastname *} {* socialregistration_displayname *} {* socialregistration_emailaddress *} {* registration_birthday *} terms of service {* agreetoterms *} {* socialregistration_button *} {* /socialregistrationform *} create a fox news account already have an account? sign in ? {* #registrationform *} {* traditionalregistration_firstname *} {* traditionalregistration_lastname *} {* traditionalregistration_displayname *} {* traditionalregistration_emailaddress *} {* traditionalregistration_password *} {* traditionalregistration_passwordconfirm *} {* registration_birthday *} subscribe to fox news email newsletters optional fox news morning headlines fox news top headlines fox business breaking alerts fox news breaking alerts security check {* captcha *} {* agreetoterms *} {* createaccountbutton *} {* /registrationform *} thank you for registering! once you confirm your email address you will be able to access commenting and exclusive content on all the fox news digital websites! verify your email we just sent an email to your account to verify your email address. check your inbox and click on the link to confirm your account. close forgot my password enter your current email address, and we'll send you instructions to create a new password. {* #forgotpasswordform *} {* forgotpassword_emailaddress *} {* forgotpassword_sendbutton *} {* /forgotpasswordform *} forgot my password success! you should receive an email shortly with instructions to change your password. close {* mergeaccounts {\"custom\": true} *} create a fox news account it looks like you've been here before. we already have an account for: {| current_emailaddress |} connect this session with your existing account forgot password? not you? continue creating a new account sign in to complete account merge {* #tradauthenticatemergeform *} {* traditionalsignin_emailaddress *} {* traditionalsignin_password *} {* traditionalsignin_signinbutton *} forgot password? {* /tradauthenticatemergeform *}", "bull": 1}, {"raw_text": "search sign in to comment!login fox news home watch live trending video politics politics home midterm elections executive senate house of representatives defense judiciary scandals congress to-do list u.s. u.s. home crime terrorism economy immigration disasters military education environment personal freedoms regions opinion opinion home todd starnes judith miller juan williams kt mcfarland dr. keith ablow karl rove ric grenell entertainment [fox411] home celebrity news movies tv music style [fox411] video tech tech home gadgets google social military tech smartphones video games slideshows science science home archaeology air &amp; space planet earth wild nature natural science dinosaurs slideshows health health home men's health women's health children's health alternative medicine diabetes heart health allergies nutrition &amp; fitness travel travel home slideshows in 5 guides lifestyle lifestyle home auto food &amp; drink real estate recipes wine with me world world home u.n. conflicts terrorism disasters global economy environment religion scandals regions sports sports home football basketball hockey baseball college sports tennis nascar golf more sports stats on air on air home a healthy you &amp; carol alt america's news hq america's newsroom cavuto fox files fox &amp; friends first fox &amp; friends fox &amp; friends weekend fox news sunday geraldo at large greta hannity happening now huckabee justice with judge jeanine #mediabuzz outnumbered red eye w/ gutfeld shepard smith reporting special report specials sunday morning futures with maria bartiromo the cost of freedom the five the journal editorial report the kelly file the o'reilly factor the real story w/ gretchen carlson war stories more from fox news fox news fox business fox news latino fox news go fox news radio fox nation fox news insider fox news fox business fox news latino fox news go fox news radio fox nation fox news insider menu home foxnews.com search science home air &amp; space archaeology planet earth wild nature natural science dinosaurs slideshows natural science gov't audit raps los alamos over lax handling of radioactive waste published october 03, 2014foxnews.com facebook57 twitter204 livefyre email print lax handling of radioactive waste caused a dangerous leak, according to the department of energy's inspector general. (ap) a government report released this week blasted the safety procedures for handling radioactive waste at the los alamos national laboratory in new mexico, following a leak that prompted a shutdown in february. the inspector general of the department of energy said a barrel of plutonium-tainted debris was improperly packaged, then shipped to the waste isolation pilot plant in carlsbad, n.m.in february to be stored in an underground storage facility a half-mile beneath the surface. once at wipp, a salt truck caught on fire underground, causing a chemical reaction inside a waste drum that released trace amounts of americium and plutonium. some 22 plant employees were contaminated, forcing a shutdown of the facility that is still in effect.advertisementadvertisement according to the doe, operations at wipp were suspended and the nation's only operating deep geologic repository for the permanent disposal of defense-related radioactive waste was shut down for an indefinite period. the shutdown has already cost taxpayers tens of millions of dollars. the doe projects a 2016 re-opening of the plant. among the critical points made in the report, the doe accused the laboratory of permitting the introduction of potentially incompatible materials in waste drums to be stored at wipp, and a failure of the lab's safety procedures to prevent this from occurring. \"our review identified several major deficiencies in lanl's procedures for the development and approval of waste packaging and remediation techniques that may have contributed to the radiological event,\" said the report.? \"of particular concern, not all waste management procedures at lanl were properly vetted through the established procedure revision process nor did they conform to established environmental requirements.\" there was also concern about how the lab was disposing of volatile mixtures of nitrate salts and organic matter which a 2000 u.s. environmental protection agency report found to be \"inherently hazardous.\" the government auditor said the lab should have included an inorganic absorbent material such as kitty litter in the nitrate salt mixture, but that it used organic material instead, ignoring a 2012 report suggesting the more effective and safer method. even before the inspector general report was released, there was a personnel?shakeup at the lab. \"four top cleanup officials were reassigned by the lab last week and the department of energy announced their intention to pull the environmental management portion of the contract with the lab,\" according to lindsey geisler, spokeswoman for the department of energy. the inspector general report is consistent with many of the waste processing issues already recognized by the department and the lab, and the department has already initiated actions to address the underlying issues identified in the report.? laboratory spokesman matthew nerzig declined to comment on why safety policies were violated. foxnews.com's joseph j. kolb contributed to this report advertisement scitech connect subscribe to the daily geek sheet for top science and technology stories thank you! your subscription has been submitted. trending in science 1 shark attack: great white attacks fellow shark 2 guy discovers treasure, guards it by sleeping in car for 3 days 3 52-million-year-old 'ant-loving' beetle caught in amber 4 gov't audit raps los alamos over lax handling of radioactive waste 5 popular supplement is culprit in itchy rash see all trends american innovation more ? low-cost baby incubator aims to boost infant health startup touts noise elimination software for mobile phones scientists proceed with caution towards new gene mutation technology advertisement ? america's election hq see the latest updates on the hottest midterm races from fox news full elections coverage ? ebola update: 46 people being monitored, family has been moved wow! the most amazing images in science this week why global food companies are dumping animal cruelty (op-ed) mouse study: ibuprofen may make old lungs look young prostate cancer in young men: what you should know great archaeological discoveries ahead: photos opinion: more archaeological finds coming through tech angry, rolling cloud is first new type in 60 years majorana discovery: after 80 year search, weird particle found vanishing bumble bee species reappears in virginia we take a closer look at the windows 10 technical preview?s new design anura is a pocket-sized flying camera drone you can take with you wherever you go google building lego-like screens that seamlessly connect to form larger displays ford c-max flaunts new face at paris motor show windows 10 poll: is the new start menu enough of a reason for you to upgrade? best space photos of the week - oct. 4, 2014 see uranus with a shadowy full moon during total lunar eclipse nasa eyes crew deep sleep option for mars mission total lunar eclipse of oct. 8, 2014: sky maps and guides how spaceshipone and x prize launched commercial spaceflight 10 years ago chris martin joins kings of leon for hollywood show -- but was jennifer lawrence in the audience? hospital: us ebola patient in critical condition biden apologizes to turkish president over remarks the 7 best things to buy in october seniors: that offer for free medical supplies is a total scam site index sections home video politics u.s. opinion entertainment tech science health travel lifestyle world sports weather on air tools live video trending ureport newsletters alerts blogs mobile podcasts radio fox news store apps &amp; downloads about careers college students fox around the world advertise with us terms of use privacy policy ad choices contact us email newsroom faq media relations follow facebook twitter google+ linkedin rss newsletters fox news back to top this material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. ?2014 fox news network, llc. all rights reserved. all market data delayed 20 minutes. privacy - terms - faq &lt;img src=\"http://metrics.foxnews.com/b/ss/foxnews/1/h22.1--ns/1412461840471?pagename=noscript:science:subsection:article&amp;g=http://www.foxnews.com/science/2014/10/03/govt-audit-raps-los-alamos-over-lax-handling-radioactive-waste/\" style=\"display:none;\" width=\"0\" height=\"0\" border=\"0\" alt=\"\"&gt; &lt;img src=\"//secure-us.imrworldwide.com/cgi-bin/m?ci=us-801796h&amp;amp;cg=0&amp;amp;cc=1&amp;amp;si=http://www.foxnews.com/science/2014/10/03/govt-audit-raps-los-alamos-over-lax-handling-radioactive-waste/&amp;amp;ts=noscript&amp;amp;rnd=1412461840471\" style=\"display:none;\" width=\"0\" height=\"0\" border=\"0\" alt=\"\"&gt; &lt;img src=\"http://b.scorecardresearch.com/p?c1=2&amp;c2=9013181&amp;c3=&amp;c4=http://www.foxnews.com/science/2014/10/03/govt-audit-raps-los-alamos-over-lax-handling-radioactive-waste/&amp;c5=&amp;c6=&amp;c15=&amp;cv=2.2&amp;cj=1\" style=\"display:none;\" width=\"0\" height=\"0\" border=\"0\" alt=\"\"&gt; resend email verification to sign in you must verify your email address. fill out the form below and we'll send you an email to verify. {* #resendverificationform *} {* resendverification_emailaddress *} {* newpasswordformbutton *} {* /resendverificationform *} please change your display name. your display name is unavailable. {* #postloginform1 *} {*postlogin_displayname *} {* postlogin_acceptbutton *} {* /postloginform1 *} your verification email has been sent check your email for a link to reset your password. sign in account deletion are you sure you want to permanently delete your fox news digital account? you will lose your activity history and email preferences. {* confirmdeactivateform *} {* confirmdeactivatebutton *} {* /confirmdeactivateform *} you did it! your password has been successfully changed. close change your password {* newpasswordform *} {* oldpassword *} {* newpassword *} {* newpasswordconfirm *} i forgot my password {* newpasswordformbutton *} {* /newpasswordform *} member profile don't have an account? create one now {* profilephotocustom *} {* public_displayname *} {* member_since *} {* public_city *} {* public_state *} {* public_country *} {* public_birthdate *} {* public_gender *} {* slider_public *} user stats comments ureports likes shares {* public_shares *} sign in with your existing account ??facebook ??google+ ??twitter ??yahoo ??linkedin ??aol with a fox news account sign up ? {* #userinformationform *} {* traditionalsignin_emailaddress *} {* traditionalsignin_password *} i forgot my password {* traditionalsignin_signinbutton *} {* /userinformationform *} find answers to your questions about the fox news community in our faqs. sign in welcome back, {* welcomename *} (not you?) sign in with your account use another account ? ??{* returnprovider *} privacy policy sign in welcome back, (not you?) sign in with your account use another account ? {* #userinformationform *} {* traditionalsignin_emailaddress *} {* traditionalsignin_password *} {* traditionalsignin_signinbutton *} {* /userinformationform *} privacy policy you're almost done! complete the following form to submit your registration. {* #socialregistrationform *} {* socialregistration_firstname *} {* socialregistration_lastname *} {* socialregistration_displayname *} {* socialregistration_emailaddress *} {* registration_birthday *} terms of service {* agreetoterms *} {* socialregistration_button *} {* /socialregistrationform *} create a fox news account already have an account? sign in ? {* #registrationform *} {* traditionalregistration_firstname *} {* traditionalregistration_lastname *} {* traditionalregistration_displayname *} {* traditionalregistration_emailaddress *} {* traditionalregistration_password *} {* traditionalregistration_passwordconfirm *} {* registration_birthday *} subscribe to fox news email newsletters optional fox news morning headlines fox news top headlines fox business breaking alerts fox news breaking alerts security check {* captcha *} {* agreetoterms *} {* createaccountbutton *} {* /registrationform *} thank you for registering! once you confirm your email address you will be able to access commenting and exclusive content on all the fox news digital websites! verify your email we just sent an email to your account to verify your email address. check your inbox and click on the link to confirm your account. close forgot my password enter your current email address, and we'll send you instructions to create a new password. {* #forgotpasswordform *} {* forgotpassword_emailaddress *} {* forgotpassword_sendbutton *} {* /forgotpasswordform *} forgot my password success! you should receive an email shortly with instructions to change your password. close {* mergeaccounts {\"custom\": true} *} create a fox news account it looks like you've been here before. we already have an account for: {| current_emailaddress |} connect this session with your existing account forgot password? not you? continue creating a new account sign in to complete account merge {* #tradauthenticatemergeform *} {* traditionalsignin_emailaddress *} {* traditionalsignin_password *} {* traditionalsignin_signinbutton *} forgot password? {* /tradauthenticatemergeform *}", "bull": 1}, {"raw_text": "fox news fox business fox news latino fox news go fox news radio fox nation fox news insider search watch live show clips news clips fn radio live fox news fox business fox news latino fox news radio fox nation fox news insider expand menu fox news fox news watch live show clips news clips fox news radio logout provider search popout player ? enlarge player ? powered by live california father and son create device to repel sharks oct. 03, 2014 - 2:15 - wristbands emit magnetic field to keep sharks at bay ? ? interact with the show ? back to browse live advertisement poll ? ? watch live show clips a healthy you &amp; carol alt america's news hq america's newsroom cavuto fox files fox news sunday fox news reporting fox &amp; friends first fox &amp; friends fox report weekend geraldo at large greta hannity happening now huckabee justice w/ judge jeanine mediabuzz outnumbered red eye w/ greg gutfeld shepard smith reporting special report specials sunday morning futures w/ maria bartiromo the cost of freedom the five the journal editorial report the kelly file the o'reilly factor the real story war stories news clips featured politics us opinion entertainment tech science health travel lifestyle world sports magazine fox news back to top ?2014 fox news network, llc. all rights reserved. this material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. all market data delayed 20 minutes. privacy - terms - faq resend email verification to sign in you must verify your email address. fill out the form below and we'll send you an email to verify. {* #resendverificationform *} {* resendverification_emailaddress *} {* newpasswordformbutton *} {* /resendverificationform *} please change your display name. your display name is unavailable. {* #postloginform1 *} {*postlogin_displayname *} {* postlogin_acceptbutton *} {* /postloginform1 *} your verification email has been sent check your email for a link to reset your password. sign in account deletion are you sure you want to permanently delete your fox news digital account? you will lose your activity history and email preferences. {* confirmdeactivateform *} {* confirmdeactivatebutton *} {* /confirmdeactivateform *} you did it! your password has been successfully changed. close change your password {* newpasswordform *} {* oldpassword *} {* newpassword *} {* newpasswordconfirm *} i forgot my password {* newpasswordformbutton *} {* /newpasswordform *} member profile don't have an account? create one now {* profilephotocustom *} {* public_displayname *} {* member_since *} {* public_city *} {* public_state *} {* public_country *} {* public_birthdate *} {* public_gender *} {* slider_public *} user stats comments ureports likes shares {* public_shares *} sign in with your existing account ??facebook ??google+ ??twitter ??yahoo ??linkedin ??aol with a fox news account sign up ? {* #userinformationform *} {* traditionalsignin_emailaddress *} {* traditionalsignin_password *} i forgot my password {* traditionalsignin_signinbutton *} {* /userinformationform *} find answers to your questions about the fox news community in our faqs. sign in welcome back, {* welcomename *} (not you?) sign in with your account use another account ? ??{* returnprovider *} privacy policy sign in welcome back, (not you?) sign in with your account use another account ? {* #userinformationform *} {* traditionalsignin_emailaddress *} {* traditionalsignin_password *} {* traditionalsignin_signinbutton *} {* /userinformationform *} privacy policy you're almost done! complete the following form to submit your registration. {* #socialregistrationform *} {* socialregistration_firstname *} {* socialregistration_lastname *} {* socialregistration_displayname *} {* socialregistration_emailaddress *} {* registration_birthday *} terms of service {* agreetoterms *} {* socialregistration_button *} {* /socialregistrationform *} create a fox news account already have an account? sign in ? {* #registrationform *} {* traditionalregistration_firstname *} {* traditionalregistration_lastname *} {* traditionalregistration_displayname *} {* traditionalregistration_emailaddress *} {* traditionalregistration_password *} {* traditionalregistration_passwordconfirm *} {* registration_birthday *} subscribe to fox news email newsletters optional fox news morning headlines fox news top headlines fox business breaking alerts fox news breaking alerts security check {* captcha *} {* agreetoterms *} {* createaccountbutton *} {* /registrationform *} thank you for registering! once you confirm your email address you will be able to access commenting and exclusive content on all the fox news digital websites! verify your email we just sent an email to your account to verify your email address. check your inbox and click on the link to confirm your account. close forgot my password enter your current email address, and we'll send you instructions to create a new password. {* #forgotpasswordform *} {* forgotpassword_emailaddress *} {* forgotpassword_sendbutton *} {* /forgotpasswordform *} forgot my password success! you should receive an email shortly with instructions to change your password. close {* mergeaccounts {\"custom\": true} *} create a fox news account it looks like you've been here before. we already have an account for: {| current_emailaddress |} connect this session with your existing account forgot password? not you? continue creating a new account sign in to complete account merge {* #tradauthenticatemergeform *} {* traditionalsignin_emailaddress *} {* traditionalsignin_password *} {* traditionalsignin_signinbutton *} forgot password? {* /tradauthenticatemergeform *}", "bull": 1}, {"raw_text": "search sign in to comment!login fox news home watch live trending video politics politics home midterm elections executive senate house of representatives defense judiciary scandals congress to-do list u.s. u.s. home crime terrorism economy immigration disasters military education environment personal freedoms regions opinion opinion home todd starnes judith miller juan williams kt mcfarland dr. keith ablow karl rove ric grenell entertainment [fox411] home celebrity news movies tv music style [fox411] video tech tech home gadgets google social military tech smartphones video games slideshows science science home archaeology air &amp; space planet earth wild nature natural science dinosaurs slideshows health health home men's health women's health children's health alternative medicine diabetes heart health allergies nutrition &amp; fitness travel travel home slideshows in 5 guides lifestyle lifestyle home auto food &amp; drink real estate recipes wine with me world world home u.n. conflicts terrorism disasters global economy environment religion scandals regions sports sports home football basketball hockey baseball college sports tennis nascar golf more sports stats on air on air home a healthy you &amp; carol alt america's news hq america's newsroom cavuto fox files fox &amp; friends first fox &amp; friends fox &amp; friends weekend fox news sunday geraldo at large greta hannity happening now huckabee justice with judge jeanine #mediabuzz outnumbered red eye w/ gutfeld shepard smith reporting special report specials sunday morning futures with maria bartiromo the cost of freedom the five the journal editorial report the kelly file the o'reilly factor the real story w/ gretchen carlson war stories more from fox news fox news fox business fox news latino fox news go fox news radio fox nation fox news insider fox news fox business fox news latino fox news go fox news radio fox nation fox news insider menu home foxnews.com search science home air &amp; space archaeology planet earth wild nature natural science dinosaurs slideshows insects 52-million-year-old 'ant-loving' beetle caught in amber by laura geggel, staff writerpublished october 03, 2014 facebook10 twitter20 livefyre1 email print the beetle protoclaviger trichodens got trapped in this piece of amber in india 52 million years ago.?(j. parker | amnh) a newly discovered 52-million-year-old fossil of an \"ant-loving\" beetle is the oldest example of its species on record, and may help researchers learn more about this social parasite, a new study finds. like its descendants living today, the ancient beetle was likely a myrmecophile, a species that depends on ants for survival. the prehistoric beetle probably shared living quarters with ants and benefited from their hard work by eating ant eggs and taking the ants' resources.advertisementadvertisement other myrmecophiles include the lycaenid butterfly, which lays its eggs in carpenter ants' nests, tricking the ants into caring for their young; and the paussine ground beetle, which also dupes ants by living alongside them as it preys on the ants' young and workers. [the 10 most diabolical and disgusting parasites] the beetles' and butterflies' shared parasitic behavior suggests that myrmecophily (ant love) is an ancient evolutionary phenomenon, the researchers said. but the fossil record of such creatures is poor, making it unclear how and when this practice arose, they added. the amber-encased beetle, now known as protoclaviger trichodens, and other stealth beetles began to diversify just as modern ants became more abundant in prehistoric times, the researchers found. \"although ants are an integral part of most terrestrial ecosystems today, at the time that this beetle was walking the earth, ants were just beginning to take off, and these beetles were right there inside the ant colonies, deceiving them and exploiting them,\" beetle specialist and lead researcher joseph parker, a research associate at the american museum of natural history and postdoctoral researcher at columbia university, said in a statement. there are roughly 370 known beetle species that belong to the clavigeritaegroup, myrmecophiles that are about 0.04 to 0.12 inches long. but many more myrmecophile beetles are likely awaiting discovery, parker said.\"this tells us something not just about the beetles, but also about the ants their nests were big enough and resource-rich enough to be worthy of exploitation by these super-specialized insects,\" parker explained. \"and when ants exploded ecologically and began to dominate, these beetles exploded with them.\" sneaky beetles the beetles use a sneaky strategy to bypass the high security surrounding ant nests. ants rely on pheromones to recognize intruders, which they then dismember and eat. in a feat that continues to mystify scientists, clavigeritaebeetles are able to pass through this smelling system and participate in colony life. [mind control: see photos of zombie ants] \"adopting this lifestyle brings lots of benefits,\" parker said. \"these beetles live in a climate-controlled nest that is well protected against predators, and they have access to a great deal of food, including the ants' eggs and brood, and most remarkably, liquid food regurgitated directly to their mouths by the worker ants themselves.\" the beetles have evolved to look a certain way to reap these benefits, he said. clavigeritaebeetles look nothing like their close relatives. the segments within their abdomens and antennas are fused, likely to provide protection against worker ants, which are somehow tricked into carrying the beetles around the nest. eventually, the worker ants carry the beetles to the brood galleries, where the beetles feast on eggs and larvae, parker said. the beetles also have recessed mouthparts, which make it easy for them to receive liquid food from worker ants. they also coat their bodies with oily secretions from brushlike glands that may encourage the ants to \"adopt\" them, in lieu of attacking them. but the chemical makeup of these secretions is unknown. \"if you watch one of these beetles interact inside an ant colony, you'll see the ants running up to it and licking those brushlike structures,\" parker said. rare beetle find yet it's rare to encounter clavigeritaebeetles in the wild, making the new specimen which is possibly the first fossil of this group to be uncovered a valuable find. researchers named it protoclaviger trichodens, from the greek word prtos (\"first\") and claviger (\"club bearer\"). to describe its tufts of hair, the research team used the greek word trchas (\"hair\") and the latin word dens (\"prong\"). the fossil, from the eocene epoch (about 56 million years ago to 34 million years ago), is an amber deposit from what was once a rich rainforest in india. the body may look like that of modern clavigeritaebeetles, but two hooklike brushes on top of its abdomen, called trichomes, give it a primitive appearance, the researchers said. also, protoclaviger's abdominal segments are still separate, unlike the fused-together segments in today's beetles. \"protoclaviger is a truly transitional fossil,\" parker said. \"it marks a big step along the pathway that led to the highly modified social parasites we see today, and it helps us figure out the sequence of events that led to this sophisticated morphology.\" the study was published today oct. 2 in the journal current biology. ? advertisement more from livesciencealbum: ancient life trapped in amberick! 5 alien parasites and their real-world counterpartsimage gallery: ants of the world scitech connect subscribe to the daily geek sheet for top science and technology stories thank you! your subscription has been submitted. science video california father and son create device to repel sharks (video - science) california father and son create device to repel sharks (video - science) recommended by trending in science 1 shark attack: great white attacks fellow shark 2 guy discovers treasure, guards it by sleeping in car for 3 days 3 52-million-year-old 'ant-loving' beetle caught in amber 4 gov't audit raps los alamos over lax handling of radioactive waste 5 popular supplement is culprit in itchy rash see all trends american innovation more ? low-cost baby incubator aims to boost infant health startup touts noise elimination software for mobile phones scientists proceed with caution towards new gene mutation technology advertisement ? america's election hq see the latest updates on the hottest midterm races from fox news full elections coverage ? ebola update: 46 people being monitored, family has been moved wow! the most amazing images in science this week why global food companies are dumping animal cruelty (op-ed) mouse study: ibuprofen may make old lungs look young prostate cancer in young men: what you should know great archaeological discoveries ahead: photos opinion: more archaeological finds coming through tech angry, rolling cloud is first new type in 60 years majorana discovery: after 80 year search, weird particle found vanishing bumble bee species reappears in virginia we take a closer look at the windows 10 technical preview?s new design anura is a pocket-sized flying camera drone you can take with you wherever you go google building lego-like screens that seamlessly connect to form larger displays ford c-max flaunts new face at paris motor show windows 10 poll: is the new start menu enough of a reason for you to upgrade? best space photos of the week - oct. 4, 2014 see uranus with a shadowy full moon during total lunar eclipse nasa eyes crew deep sleep option for mars mission total lunar eclipse of oct. 8, 2014: sky maps and guides how spaceshipone and x prize launched commercial spaceflight 10 years ago chris martin joins kings of leon for hollywood show -- but was jennifer lawrence in the audience? hospital: us ebola patient in critical condition biden apologizes to turkish president over remarks the 7 best things to buy in october seniors: that offer for free medical supplies is a total scam site index sections home video politics u.s. opinion entertainment tech science health travel lifestyle world sports weather on air tools live video trending ureport newsletters alerts blogs mobile podcasts radio fox news store apps &amp; downloads about careers college students fox around the world advertise with us terms of use privacy policy ad choices contact us email newsroom faq media relations follow facebook twitter google+ linkedin rss newsletters fox news back to top this material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. ?2014 fox news network, llc. all rights reserved. all market data delayed 20 minutes. privacy - terms - faq &lt;img src=\"http://metrics.foxnews.com/b/ss/foxnews/1/h22.1--ns/1412461913012?pagename=noscript:science:subsection:article&amp;g=http://www.foxnews.com/science/2014/10/03/52-million-year-old-ant-loving-beetle-caught-in-amber/\" style=\"display:none;\" width=\"0\" height=\"0\" border=\"0\" alt=\"\"&gt; &lt;img src=\"//secure-us.imrworldwide.com/cgi-bin/m?ci=us-801796h&amp;amp;cg=0&amp;amp;cc=1&amp;amp;si=http://www.foxnews.com/science/2014/10/03/52-million-year-old-ant-loving-beetle-caught-in-amber/&amp;amp;ts=noscript&amp;amp;rnd=1412461913012\" style=\"display:none;\" width=\"0\" height=\"0\" border=\"0\" alt=\"\"&gt; &lt;img src=\"http://b.scorecardresearch.com/p?c1=2&amp;c2=9013181&amp;c3=&amp;c4=http://www.foxnews.com/science/2014/10/03/52-million-year-old-ant-loving-beetle-caught-in-amber/&amp;c5=&amp;c6=&amp;c15=&amp;cv=2.2&amp;cj=1\" style=\"display:none;\" width=\"0\" height=\"0\" border=\"0\" alt=\"\"&gt; resend email verification to sign in you must verify your email address. fill out the form below and we'll send you an email to verify. {* #resendverificationform *} {* resendverification_emailaddress *} {* newpasswordformbutton *} {* /resendverificationform *} please change your display name. your display name is unavailable. {* #postloginform1 *} {*postlogin_displayname *} {* postlogin_acceptbutton *} {* /postloginform1 *} your verification email has been sent check your email for a link to reset your password. sign in account deletion are you sure you want to permanently delete your fox news digital account? you will lose your activity history and email preferences. {* confirmdeactivateform *} {* confirmdeactivatebutton *} {* /confirmdeactivateform *} you did it! your password has been successfully changed. close change your password {* newpasswordform *} {* oldpassword *} {* newpassword *} {* newpasswordconfirm *} i forgot my password {* newpasswordformbutton *} {* /newpasswordform *} member profile don't have an account? create one now {* profilephotocustom *} {* public_displayname *} {* member_since *} {* public_city *} {* public_state *} {* public_country *} {* public_birthdate *} {* public_gender *} {* slider_public *} user stats comments ureports likes shares {* public_shares *} sign in with your existing account ??facebook ??google+ ??twitter ??yahoo ??linkedin ??aol with a fox news account sign up ? {* #userinformationform *} {* traditionalsignin_emailaddress *} {* traditionalsignin_password *} i forgot my password {* traditionalsignin_signinbutton *} {* /userinformationform *} find answers to your questions about the fox news community in our faqs. sign in welcome back, {* welcomename *} (not you?) sign in with your account use another account ? ??{* returnprovider *} privacy policy sign in welcome back, (not you?) sign in with your account use another account ? {* #userinformationform *} {* traditionalsignin_emailaddress *} {* traditionalsignin_password *} {* traditionalsignin_signinbutton *} {* /userinformationform *} privacy policy you're almost done! complete the following form to submit your registration. {* #socialregistrationform *} {* socialregistration_firstname *} {* socialregistration_lastname *} {* socialregistration_displayname *} {* socialregistration_emailaddress *} {* registration_birthday *} terms of service {* agreetoterms *} {* socialregistration_button *} {* /socialregistrationform *} create a fox news account already have an account? sign in ? {* #registrationform *} {* traditionalregistration_firstname *} {* traditionalregistration_lastname *} {* traditionalregistration_displayname *} {* traditionalregistration_emailaddress *} {* traditionalregistration_password *} {* traditionalregistration_passwordconfirm *} {* registration_birthday *} subscribe to fox news email newsletters optional fox news morning headlines fox news top headlines fox business breaking alerts fox news breaking alerts security check {* captcha *} {* agreetoterms *} {* createaccountbutton *} {* /registrationform *} thank you for registering! once you confirm your email address you will be able to access commenting and exclusive content on all the fox news digital websites! verify your email we just sent an email to your account to verify your email address. check your inbox and click on the link to confirm your account. close forgot my password enter your current email address, and we'll send you instructions to create a new password. {* #forgotpasswordform *} {* forgotpassword_emailaddress *} {* forgotpassword_sendbutton *} {* /forgotpasswordform *} forgot my password success! you should receive an email shortly with instructions to change your password. close {* mergeaccounts {\"custom\": true} *} create a fox news account it looks like you've been here before. we already have an account for: {| current_emailaddress |} connect this session with your existing account forgot password? not you? continue creating a new account sign in to complete account merge {* #tradauthenticatemergeform *} {* traditionalsignin_emailaddress *} {* traditionalsignin_password *} {* traditionalsignin_signinbutton *} forgot password? {* /tradauthenticatemergeform *} facebooktwitterlinkedinemailsocial sharing by janrainshare on your timelineshared on your timelinethanks for sharing with your friends on facebook. share with your other networks too!start overx+4editdoneor browse friendsand 0 morex+it appears the url has been modified. restore?0editdonex+it appears the url has been modified. restore?0editdonehttp://www.foxnews.com/science/2014/10/03/52-million-year-old-ant-loving-beetle-caught-in-amber/undefinedconnecting to facebook failed. %tag%view error%gat%shareconnecttweet to your followersprefer a direct message? choose followersshared to twitterdirect message your followersyou can also tweet to all your followerssent to your followersthanks for sharing with your followers on twitter. share with your other networks too!start overselect your followersx+11editdoneclosedoneselected followersx+11editdoneclosedonex+4editdoneor browse followersand 0 morex+it appears the url has been modified. restore?140editdonex+url will be shortened116editdonehttp://www.foxnews.com/science/2014/10/03/52-million-year-old-ant-loving-beetle-caught-in-amber/undefinedconnecting to twitter failed. %tag%view error%gat%shareconnectshare with your connectionsprefer sending a message? choose connectionsshared to linkedinmessage to your connectionsyou can also share with all connectionssent to your connectionsthanks for sharing with your connections on linkedin. share with your other networks too!start overselect your connectionsx+11editdoneclosedoneselected connectionsx+11editdoneclosedonex+4editdoneor browse connectionsand 0 morex+it appears the url has been modified. restore?0editdonex+it appears the url has been modified. restore?0editdonehttp://www.foxnews.com/science/2014/10/03/52-million-year-old-ant-loving-beetle-caught-in-amber/undefinedsign in to your email providerconnecting to linkedin failed. %tag%view error%gat%shareconnectshare with your friends by emailemail sentthanks for sharing with your contacts via email. share with your other networks too!start overselect your contactsx+11editdoneclosedoneselected contactsx+11editdoneclosedonex+30editdoneor browse contactsand 0 morex+it appears the url has been modified. restore?0editdonex+-96editdonehttp://www.foxnews.com/science/2014/10/03/52-million-year-old-ant-loving-beetle-caught-in-amber/undefinedsign in to your email providerconnecting to email failed. %tag%view error%gat%connectconnectgoogleyahoo", "bull": 1}, {"raw_text": "search sign in to comment!login fox news home watch live trending video politics politics home midterm elections executive senate house of representatives defense judiciary scandals congress to-do list u.s. u.s. home crime terrorism economy immigration disasters military education environment personal freedoms regions opinion opinion home todd starnes judith miller juan williams kt mcfarland dr. keith ablow karl rove ric grenell entertainment [fox411] home celebrity news movies tv music style [fox411] video tech tech home gadgets google social military tech smartphones video games slideshows science science home archaeology air &amp; space planet earth wild nature natural science dinosaurs slideshows health health home men's health women's health children's health alternative medicine diabetes heart health allergies nutrition &amp; fitness travel travel home slideshows in 5 guides lifestyle lifestyle home auto food &amp; drink real estate recipes wine with me world world home u.n. conflicts terrorism disasters global economy environment religion scandals regions sports sports home football basketball hockey baseball college sports tennis nascar golf more sports stats on air on air home a healthy you &amp; carol alt america's news hq america's newsroom cavuto fox files fox &amp; friends first fox &amp; friends fox &amp; friends weekend fox news sunday geraldo at large greta hannity happening now huckabee justice with judge jeanine #mediabuzz outnumbered red eye w/ gutfeld shepard smith reporting special report specials sunday morning futures with maria bartiromo the cost of freedom the five the journal editorial report the kelly file the o'reilly factor the real story w/ gretchen carlson war stories more from fox news fox news fox business fox news latino fox news go fox news radio fox nation fox news insider fox news fox business fox news latino fox news go fox news radio fox nation fox news insider menu home foxnews.com search science home air &amp; space archaeology planet earth wild nature natural science dinosaurs slideshows mars mars rover curiosity drills 1st hole into huge martian mountain by mike wall, senior writerpublished september 26, 2014 facebook43 twitter76 livefyre5 email print this image from the curiosity rover's mars hand lens imager camera shows the first sample-collection hole drilled into mount sharp, the mission's main science destination.?(nasa/jpl-caltech/msss) this image taken by the curiosity rover's mast camera shows the \"pahrump hills\" outcrop and surrounding terrain, as seen from a position about 70 feet (20 meters) northwest of the outcrop.?(nasa/jpl-caltech/msss) map showing the route driven by nasa's mars rover curiosity from its august 2012 landing site to the \"pahrump hills\" outcrop at the mount sharp.?(nasa/jpl-caltech/univ. of arizona) previous next nasa's mars rover curiosity has taken its first bite out of the giant mountain that it crossed interplanetary space to explore. on sept. 24, the 1-ton curiosity rover drilled 2.6 inches into an outcrop at the base of the towering mount sharp, which rises 3.4 miles into the martian sky. curiosity collected samples of powdered rock, with the aim of delivering them to the rover's onboard instruments for analysis.advertisementadvertisement \"this drilling target is at the lowest part of the base layer of the mountain, and from here we plan to examine the higher, younger layers exposed in the nearby hills,\" curiosity deputy project scientist ashwin vasavada, of nasa's jet propulsion laboratory (jpl) in pasadena, california, said in a statement. \"this first look at rocks we believe to underlie mount sharp is exciting because it will begin to form a picture of the environment at the time the mountain formed, and what led to its growth.\" [mars rover curiosity's latest amazing photos] mount sharp has been curiosity's main science destination since before the rover's november 2011 launch. mission scientists want curiosity to climb up through the mountain's foothills, reading the rocks for clues about why mars shifted from a warm, wet world in the ancient past to the cold, dry planet we know today. curiosity didn't head for the mountain immediately after touching down inside the red planet's gale crater in august 2012. instead, curiosity spent nearly a year examining rocks close its landing site. this work, which included three separate sample-collecting drilling operations, paid off; the rover's observations allowed mission scientists to determine that the area harbored a stream-and-lake system billions of years ago that could have supported microbial life, if any existed there. curiosity started the 5-mile trek to mount sharp in july 2013 and reached an outcrop at the mountain's base called \"pahrump hills\" last week. the arrival marked a major shift in the mission, which for the last 15 months had prioritized making tracks to get to mount sharp. \"we're putting on the brakes to study this amazing mountain,\" said curiosity deputy project manager jennifer trosper of jpl. \"curiosity flew hundreds of millions of miles to do this.\" on sept. 22, the rover test-drilled a target rock on pahrump hills to gauge its suitability for sample collection, nasa officials said. that trial went well, so the mission team went ahead with a full-on drilling operation on wednesday. the mission team will soon deliver the powdered sample to curiosity's open scoop, where they can observe it to determine if it's safe to send along to the rover's internal instruments, which are known as sam (sample analysis at mars) and chemin (chemistry and mineralogy). advertisement more from space.comcuriosity's 'road' on mars: where it's been and where it's going | videoa 'curiosity' quiz: how well do you know nasa's newest mars rover?7 biggest mysteries of mars scitech connect subscribe to the daily geek sheet for top science and technology stories thank you! your subscription has been submitted. science video california father and son create device to repel sharks (video - science) california father and son create device to repel sharks (video - science) recommended by trending in science 1 guy discovers treasure, guards it by sleeping in car for 3 days 2 shark attack: great white attacks fellow shark 3 gov't audit raps los alamos over lax handling of radioactive waste 4 52-million-year-old 'ant-loving' beetle caught in amber 5 invasion of voracious bullfrogs spreads in montana see all trends american innovation more ? low-cost baby incubator aims to boost infant health startup touts noise elimination software for mobile phones scientists proceed with caution towards new gene mutation technology advertisement ? america's election hq see the latest updates on the hottest midterm races from fox news full elections coverage ? also on the web ?transformational? new atlantic coast pipeline will bring natural gas to southeast (america's natural gas alliance) playboy bunnies: then and now (aarp) can you guess which type of animal was used as alarm systems in wwii? (soundhawk) the world's sexiest woman shows off the hottest moments of her 20s (us weekly) have you ever wondered where your last name comes from? (ancestry.com) how ?fracking? has changed oil production (s&amp;p capital iq) more from fox news reese witherspoon talks 'raw' sex scenes (entertainment) 4 teens arrested on suspicion of using golf club to kill 920 chickens at ranch in california (u.s.) teacher at elite new york school faces sex charges (u.s.) fox news poll: voters reveal which state they want kicked out of the union (politics) 'strikingly geometric' shapes hidden on moon's surface (science) invasion of voracious bullfrogs spreads in montana (science) recommended by watch now... 'fox &amp; friends' celebrates national taco day (video - lifestyle) former astronaut mark kelly talks gun control, private space travel (video - government) secret rescue mission frees kidnapped american teen (video - world) 'fox &amp; friends' celebrates national taco day (video - lifestyle) former astronaut mark kelly talks gun control, private space travel (video - government) secret rescue mission frees kidnapped american teen (video - world) ebola update: 46 people being monitored, family has been moved wow! the most amazing images in science this week why global food companies are dumping animal cruelty (op-ed) mouse study: ibuprofen may make old lungs look young prostate cancer in young men: what you should know great archaeological discoveries ahead: photos opinion: more archaeological finds coming through tech angry, rolling cloud is first new type in 60 years majorana discovery: after 80 year search, weird particle found vanishing bumble bee species reappears in virginia we take a closer look at the windows 10 technical preview?s new design anura is a pocket-sized flying camera drone you can take with you wherever you go google building lego-like screens that seamlessly connect to form larger displays ford c-max flaunts new face at paris motor show windows 10 poll: is the new start menu enough of a reason for you to upgrade? best space photos of the week - oct. 4, 2014 see uranus with a shadowy full moon during total lunar eclipse nasa eyes crew deep sleep option for mars mission total lunar eclipse of oct. 8, 2014: sky maps and guides how spaceshipone and x prize launched commercial spaceflight 10 years ago chris martin joins kings of leon for hollywood show -- but was jennifer lawrence in the audience? hospital: us ebola patient in critical condition biden apologizes to turkish president over remarks the 7 best things to buy in october seniors: that offer for free medical supplies is a total scam site index sections home video politics u.s. opinion entertainment tech science health travel lifestyle world sports weather on air tools live video trending ureport newsletters alerts blogs mobile podcasts radio fox news store apps &amp; downloads about careers college students fox around the world advertise with us terms of use privacy policy ad choices contact us email newsroom faq media relations follow facebook twitter google+ linkedin rss newsletters fox news back to top this material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. ?2014 fox news network, llc. all rights reserved. all market data delayed 20 minutes. privacy - terms - faq &lt;img src=\"http://metrics.foxnews.com/b/ss/foxnews/1/h22.1--ns/1412462222745?pagename=noscript:science:subsection:article&amp;g=http://www.foxnews.com/science/2014/09/26/mars-rover-curiosity-drills-1st-hole-into-huge-martian-mountain/\" style=\"display:none;\" width=\"0\" height=\"0\" border=\"0\" alt=\"\"&gt; &lt;img src=\"//secure-us.imrworldwide.com/cgi-bin/m?ci=us-801796h&amp;amp;cg=0&amp;amp;cc=1&amp;amp;si=http://www.foxnews.com/science/2014/09/26/mars-rover-curiosity-drills-1st-hole-into-huge-martian-mountain/&amp;amp;ts=noscript&amp;amp;rnd=1412462222745\" style=\"display:none;\" width=\"0\" height=\"0\" border=\"0\" alt=\"\"&gt; &lt;img src=\"http://b.scorecardresearch.com/p?c1=2&amp;c2=9013181&amp;c3=&amp;c4=http://www.foxnews.com/science/2014/09/26/mars-rover-curiosity-drills-1st-hole-into-huge-martian-mountain/&amp;c5=&amp;c6=&amp;c15=&amp;cv=2.2&amp;cj=1\" style=\"display:none;\" width=\"0\" height=\"0\" border=\"0\" alt=\"\"&gt; resend email verification to sign in you must verify your email address. fill out the form below and we'll send you an email to verify. {* #resendverificationform *} {* resendverification_emailaddress *} {* newpasswordformbutton *} {* /resendverificationform *} please change your display name. your display name is unavailable. {* #postloginform1 *} {*postlogin_displayname *} {* postlogin_acceptbutton *} {* /postloginform1 *} your verification email has been sent check your email for a link to reset your password. sign in account deletion are you sure you want to permanently delete your fox news digital account? you will lose your activity history and email preferences. {* confirmdeactivateform *} {* confirmdeactivatebutton *} {* /confirmdeactivateform *} you did it! your password has been successfully changed. close change your password {* newpasswordform *} {* oldpassword *} {* newpassword *} {* newpasswordconfirm *} i forgot my password {* newpasswordformbutton *} {* /newpasswordform *} member profile don't have an account? create one now {* profilephotocustom *} {* public_displayname *} {* member_since *} {* public_city *} {* public_state *} {* public_country *} {* public_birthdate *} {* public_gender *} {* slider_public *} user stats comments ureports likes shares {* public_shares *} sign in with your existing account ??facebook ??google+ ??twitter ??yahoo ??linkedin ??aol with a fox news account sign up ? {* #userinformationform *} {* traditionalsignin_emailaddress *} {* traditionalsignin_password *} i forgot my password {* traditionalsignin_signinbutton *} {* /userinformationform *} find answers to your questions about the fox news community in our faqs. sign in welcome back, {* welcomename *} (not you?) sign in with your account use another account ? ??{* returnprovider *} privacy policy sign in welcome back, (not you?) sign in with your account use another account ? {* #userinformationform *} {* traditionalsignin_emailaddress *} {* traditionalsignin_password *} {* traditionalsignin_signinbutton *} {* /userinformationform *} privacy policy you're almost done! complete the following form to submit your registration. {* #socialregistrationform *} {* socialregistration_firstname *} {* socialregistration_lastname *} {* socialregistration_displayname *} {* socialregistration_emailaddress *} {* registration_birthday *} terms of service {* agreetoterms *} {* socialregistration_button *} {* /socialregistrationform *} create a fox news account already have an account? sign in ? {* #registrationform *} {* traditionalregistration_firstname *} {* traditionalregistration_lastname *} {* traditionalregistration_displayname *} {* traditionalregistration_emailaddress *} {* traditionalregistration_password *} {* traditionalregistration_passwordconfirm *} {* registration_birthday *} subscribe to fox news email newsletters optional fox news morning headlines fox news top headlines fox business breaking alerts fox news breaking alerts security check {* captcha *} {* agreetoterms *} {* createaccountbutton *} {* /registrationform *} thank you for registering! once you confirm your email address you will be able to access commenting and exclusive content on all the fox news digital websites! verify your email we just sent an email to your account to verify your email address. check your inbox and click on the link to confirm your account. close forgot my password enter your current email address, and we'll send you instructions to create a new password. {* #forgotpasswordform *} {* forgotpassword_emailaddress *} {* forgotpassword_sendbutton *} {* /forgotpasswordform *} forgot my password success! you should receive an email shortly with instructions to change your password. close {* mergeaccounts {\"custom\": true} *} create a fox news account it looks like you've been here before. we already have an account for: {| current_emailaddress |} connect this session with your existing account forgot password? not you? continue creating a new account sign in to complete account merge {* #tradauthenticatemergeform *} {* traditionalsignin_emailaddress *} {* traditionalsignin_password *} {* traditionalsignin_signinbutton *} forgot password? {* /tradauthenticatemergeform *} facebooktwitterlinkedinemailsocial sharing by janrainshare on your timelineshared on your timelinethanks for sharing with your friends on facebook. share with your other networks too!start overx+4editdoneor browse friendsand 0 morex+it appears the url has been modified. restore?0editdonex+it appears the url has been modified. restore?0editdonehttp://www.foxnews.com/science/2014/09/26/mars-rover-curiosity-drills-1st-hole-into-huge-martian-mountain/undefinedconnecting to facebook failed. %tag%view error%gat%shareconnecttweet to your followersprefer a direct message? choose followersshared to twitterdirect message your followersyou can also tweet to all your followerssent to your followersthanks for sharing with your followers on twitter. share with your other networks too!start overselect your followersx+11editdoneclosedoneselected followersx+11editdoneclosedonex+4editdoneor browse followersand 0 morex+it appears the url has been modified. restore?140editdonex+url will be shortened116editdonehttp://www.foxnews.com/science/2014/09/26/mars-rover-curiosity-drills-1st-hole-into-huge-martian-mountain/undefinedconnecting to twitter failed. %tag%view error%gat%shareconnectshare with your connectionsprefer sending a message? choose connectionsshared to linkedinmessage to your connectionsyou can also share with all connectionssent to your connectionsthanks for sharing with your connections on linkedin. share with your other networks too!start overselect your connectionsx+11editdoneclosedoneselected connectionsx+11editdoneclosedonex+4editdoneor browse connectionsand 0 morex+it appears the url has been modified. restore?0editdonex+it appears the url has been modified. restore?0editdonehttp://www.foxnews.com/science/2014/09/26/mars-rover-curiosity-drills-1st-hole-into-huge-martian-mountain/undefinedsign in to your email providerconnecting to linkedin failed. %tag%view error%gat%shareconnectshare with your friends by emailemail sentthanks for sharing with your contacts via email. share with your other networks too!start overselect your contactsx+11editdoneclosedoneselected contactsx+11editdoneclosedonex+30editdoneor browse contactsand 0 morex+it appears the url has been modified. restore?0editdonex+-106editdonehttp://www.foxnews.com/science/2014/09/26/mars-rover-curiosity-drills-1st-hole-into-huge-martian-mountain/undefinedsign in to your email providerconnecting to email failed. %tag%view error%gat%connectconnectgoogleyahoo", "bull": 1}, {"raw_text": "search sign in to comment!login fox news home watch live trending video politics politics home midterm elections executive senate house of representatives defense judiciary scandals congress to-do list u.s. u.s. home crime terrorism economy immigration disasters military education environment personal freedoms regions opinion opinion home todd starnes judith miller juan williams kt mcfarland dr. keith ablow karl rove ric grenell entertainment [fox411] home celebrity news movies tv music style [fox411] video tech tech home gadgets google social military tech smartphones video games slideshows science science home archaeology air &amp; space planet earth wild nature natural science dinosaurs slideshows health health home men's health women's health children's health alternative medicine diabetes heart health allergies nutrition &amp; fitness travel travel home slideshows in 5 guides lifestyle lifestyle home auto food &amp; drink real estate recipes wine with me world world home u.n. conflicts terrorism disasters global economy environment religion scandals regions sports sports home football basketball hockey baseball college sports tennis nascar golf more sports stats on air on air home a healthy you &amp; carol alt america's news hq america's newsroom cavuto fox files fox &amp; friends first fox &amp; friends fox &amp; friends weekend fox news sunday geraldo at large greta hannity happening now huckabee justice with judge jeanine #mediabuzz outnumbered red eye w/ gutfeld shepard smith reporting special report specials sunday morning futures with maria bartiromo the cost of freedom the five the journal editorial report the kelly file the o'reilly factor the real story w/ gretchen carlson war stories more from fox news fox news fox business fox news latino fox news go fox news radio fox nation fox news insider fox news fox business fox news latino fox news go fox news radio fox nation fox news insider login menu home foxnews.com search science home air &amp; space archaeology planet earth wild nature natural science dinosaurs slideshows mars india puts spacecraft into orbit around mars published september 24, 2014associated press facebook205 twitter412 email print file - in this sept. 11, 2013, file photo, indian engineers work on the mars orbiter spacecraft at the satellite center of indian space research organization (isro) in bangalore, india. (ap photo/aijaz rahi, file) new delhi ? ?india triumphed in its first interplanetary mission, placing a satellite into orbit around mars on wednesday morning and catapulting the country into an elite club of deep-space explorers. scientists broke into wild cheers as the orbiter's engines completed 24 minutes of burn time and maneuvered into its designated place around the red planet.advertisementadvertisement \"we have gone beyond the boundaries of human enterprise and innovation,\" prime minister narendra modi said, standing alongside scientists with the indian space and research organisation at their command center in the southern city of bangalore. \"we have navigated our craft through a route known to very few,\" modi said, congratulating both the scientists and \"all my fellow indians on this historic occasion.\" scientists described the mars orbiter mission, affectionately nicknamed mom, as flawless. the success marks a milestone for the space program in demonstrating that it can conduct complex missions and act as a global launch pad for commercial, navigational and research satellites. it's also a major feat for the developing country of 1.2 billion people, most of whom are poor. at the same time, india has a robust scientific and technical educational system that has produced millions of software programmers, engineers and doctors, catapulting many into the middle class. more than half the world's previous attempts -- 23 out of 41 missions -- have failed, including one by japan in 1999. the united states had its first success with a 1964 flyby by a spacecraft called mariner 4, returning 21 images of the surface of the planet. the former soviet union reached the planet in 1971, and the european space agency in 2003. india was particularly proud that mom was developed with homegrown technology and for a bargain price of about $75 million. nasa's much larger mars atmosphere and volatile evolution mission, or maven, which reached its position around the red planet on sunday, cost nearly 10 times as much at $671 million. mom will now circle the planet for at least six months, with five solar-powered instruments gathering scientific data that may shed light on martian weather systems as well as what happened to the water that is believed to have existed once on mars in large quantities. advertisement scitech connect subscribe to the daily geek sheet for top science and technology stories thank you! your subscription has been submitted. science video california father and son create device to repel sharks (video - science) california father and son create device to repel sharks (video - science) recommended by trending in science 1 guy discovers treasure, guards it by sleeping in car for 3 days 2 shark attack: great white attacks fellow shark 3 gov't audit raps los alamos over lax handling of radioactive waste 4 52-million-year-old 'ant-loving' beetle caught in amber 5 invasion of voracious bullfrogs spreads in montana see all trends american innovation more ? low-cost baby incubator aims to boost infant health startup touts noise elimination software for mobile phones scientists proceed with caution towards new gene mutation technology advertisement ? america's election hq see the latest updates on the hottest midterm races from fox news full elections coverage ? also on the web an extremely brilliant way to pay off your mortgage (bills.com) meet the amazing wounded warrior with a race car connected to his body (jalopnik) what can coffee do to your bladder (healthcommunities.com) mom says don't pop your pimples. our dermatologists say you can have clearer skin with our cutting edge treatment (popdust) supreme court delivers blow to public unions (fortune) think you have fresh eggs? here's how to tell (eggland's best eggs) more from fox news texas cancer doctor convicted of poisoning lover with antifreeze chemical (u.s.) texas girl kidnapped 12 years ago rescued during secret mission in mexico (u.s.) guy discovers treasure, guards it by sleeping in car for 3 days (science) boy shocked at football game has died, school district announces (u.s.) student who ran onto field, was body-slammed by ohio state coach at game loses scholarship (sports) scientist unlocks da vinci painting's secrets (science) recommended by watch now... pro-democracy protests continue in hong kong (video - politics) restrictions needed on how food stamps are spent? (video - politics) white house helping democrats with election year politics? (video - politics) pro-democracy protests continue in hong kong (video - politics) restrictions needed on how food stamps are spent? (video - politics) white house helping democrats with election year politics? (video - politics) ebola update: 46 people being monitored, family has been moved wow! the most amazing images in science this week why global food companies are dumping animal cruelty (op-ed) mouse study: ibuprofen may make old lungs look young prostate cancer in young men: what you should know great archaeological discoveries ahead: photos opinion: more archaeological finds coming through tech angry, rolling cloud is first new type in 60 years majorana discovery: after 80 year search, weird particle found vanishing bumble bee species reappears in virginia we take a closer look at the windows 10 technical preview?s new design anura is a pocket-sized flying camera drone you can take with you wherever you go google building lego-like screens that seamlessly connect to form larger displays ford c-max flaunts new face at paris motor show windows 10 poll: is the new start menu enough of a reason for you to upgrade? best space photos of the week - oct. 4, 2014 see uranus with a shadowy full moon during total lunar eclipse nasa eyes crew deep sleep option for mars mission total lunar eclipse of oct. 8, 2014: sky maps and guides how spaceshipone and x prize launched commercial spaceflight 10 years ago chris martin joins kings of leon for hollywood show -- but was jennifer lawrence in the audience? hospital: us ebola patient in critical condition biden apologizes to turkish president over remarks the 7 best things to buy in october seniors: that offer for free medical supplies is a total scam site index sections home video politics u.s. opinion entertainment tech science health travel lifestyle world sports weather on air tools live video trending ureport newsletters alerts blogs mobile podcasts radio fox news store apps &amp; downloads about careers college students fox around the world advertise with us terms of use privacy policy ad choices contact us email newsroom faq media relations follow facebook twitter google+ linkedin rss newsletters fox news back to top this material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. ?2014 fox news network, llc. all rights reserved. all market data delayed 20 minutes. privacy - terms - faq &lt;img src=\"http://metrics.foxnews.com/b/ss/foxnews/1/h22.1--ns/1412462232977?pagename=noscript:science:front:article&amp;g=http://www.foxnews.com/science/2014/09/24/india-puts-spacecraft-into-orbit-around-mars/\" style=\"display:none;\" width=\"0\" height=\"0\" border=\"0\" alt=\"\"&gt; &lt;img src=\"//secure-us.imrworldwide.com/cgi-bin/m?ci=us-801796h&amp;amp;cg=0&amp;amp;cc=1&amp;amp;si=http://www.foxnews.com/science/2014/09/24/india-puts-spacecraft-into-orbit-around-mars/&amp;amp;ts=noscript&amp;amp;rnd=1412462232977\" style=\"display:none;\" width=\"0\" height=\"0\" border=\"0\" alt=\"\"&gt; &lt;img src=\"http://b.scorecardresearch.com/p?c1=2&amp;c2=9013181&amp;c3=&amp;c4=http://www.foxnews.com/science/2014/09/24/india-puts-spacecraft-into-orbit-around-mars/&amp;c5=&amp;c6=&amp;c15=&amp;cv=2.2&amp;cj=1\" style=\"display:none;\" width=\"0\" height=\"0\" border=\"0\" alt=\"\"&gt; resend email verification to sign in you must verify your email address. fill out the form below and we'll send you an email to verify. {* #resendverificationform *} {* resendverification_emailaddress *} {* newpasswordformbutton *} {* /resendverificationform *} please change your display name. your display name is unavailable. {* #postloginform1 *} {*postlogin_displayname *} {* postlogin_acceptbutton *} {* /postloginform1 *} your verification email has been sent check your email for a link to reset your password. sign in account deletion are you sure you want to permanently delete your fox news digital account? you will lose your activity history and email preferences. {* confirmdeactivateform *} {* confirmdeactivatebutton *} {* /confirmdeactivateform *} you did it! your password has been successfully changed. close change your password {* newpasswordform *} {* oldpassword *} {* newpassword *} {* newpasswordconfirm *} i forgot my password {* newpasswordformbutton *} {* /newpasswordform *} member profile don't have an account? create one now {* profilephotocustom *} {* public_displayname *} {* member_since *} {* public_city *} {* public_state *} {* public_country *} {* public_birthdate *} {* public_gender *} {* slider_public *} user stats comments ureports likes shares {* public_shares *} sign in welcome back, {* welcomename *} (not you?) sign in with your account use another account ? ??{* returnprovider *} privacy policy sign in welcome back, (not you?) sign in with your account use another account ? {* #userinformationform *} {* traditionalsignin_emailaddress *} {* traditionalsignin_password *} {* traditionalsignin_signinbutton *} {* /userinformationform *} privacy policy you're almost done! complete the following form to submit your registration. {* #socialregistrationform *} {* socialregistration_firstname *} {* socialregistration_lastname *} {* socialregistration_displayname *} {* socialregistration_emailaddress *} {* registration_birthday *} terms of service {* agreetoterms *} {* socialregistration_button *} {* /socialregistrationform *} create a fox news account already have an account? sign in ? {* #registrationform *} {* traditionalregistration_firstname *} {* traditionalregistration_lastname *} {* traditionalregistration_displayname *} {* traditionalregistration_emailaddress *} {* traditionalregistration_password *} {* traditionalregistration_passwordconfirm *} {* registration_birthday *} subscribe to fox news email newsletters optional fox news morning headlines fox news top headlines fox business breaking alerts fox news breaking alerts security check {* captcha *} {* agreetoterms *} {* createaccountbutton *} {* /registrationform *} thank you for registering! once you confirm your email address you will be able to access commenting and exclusive content on all the fox news digital websites! verify your email we just sent an email to your account to verify your email address. check your inbox and click on the link to confirm your account. close forgot my password enter your current email address, and we'll send you instructions to create a new password. {* #forgotpasswordform *} {* forgotpassword_emailaddress *} {* forgotpassword_sendbutton *} {* /forgotpasswordform *} forgot my password success! you should receive an email shortly with instructions to change your password. close {* mergeaccounts {\"custom\": true} *} create a fox news account it looks like you've been here before. we already have an account for: {| current_emailaddress |} connect this session with your existing account forgot password? not you? continue creating a new account sign in to complete account merge {* #tradauthenticatemergeform *} {* traditionalsignin_emailaddress *} {* traditionalsignin_password *} {* traditionalsignin_signinbutton *} forgot password? {* /tradauthenticatemergeform *} facebooktwitterlinkedinemailsocial sharing by janrainshare on your timelineshared on your timelinethanks for sharing with your friends on facebook. share with your other networks too!start overx+4editdoneor browse friendsand 0 morex+it appears the url has been modified. restore?0editdonex+it appears the url has been modified. restore?0editdonehttp://www.foxnews.com/science/2014/09/24/india-puts-spacecraft-into-orbit-around-mars/undefinedconnecting to facebook failed. %tag%view error%gat%shareconnecttweet to your followersprefer a direct message? choose followersshared to twitterdirect message your followersyou can also tweet to all your followerssent to your followersthanks for sharing with your followers on twitter. share with your other networks too!start overselect your followersx+11editdoneclosedoneselected followersx+11editdoneclosedonex+4editdoneor browse followersand 0 morex+it appears the url has been modified. restore?140editdonex+url will be shortened116editdonehttp://www.foxnews.com/science/2014/09/24/india-puts-spacecraft-into-orbit-around-mars/undefinedconnecting to twitter failed. %tag%view error%gat%shareconnectshare with your connectionsprefer sending a message? choose connectionsshared to linkedinmessage to your connectionsyou can also share with all connectionssent to your connectionsthanks for sharing with your connections on linkedin. share with your other networks too!start overselect your connectionsx+11editdoneclosedoneselected connectionsx+11editdoneclosedonex+4editdoneor browse connectionsand 0 morex+it appears the url has been modified. restore?0editdonex+it appears the url has been modified. restore?0editdonehttp://www.foxnews.com/science/2014/09/24/india-puts-spacecraft-into-orbit-around-mars/undefinedsign in to your email providerconnecting to linkedin failed. %tag%view error%gat%shareconnectshare with your friends by emailemail sentthanks for sharing with your contacts via email. share with your other networks too!start overselect your contactsx+11editdoneclosedoneselected contactsx+11editdoneclosedonex+30editdoneor browse contactsand 0 morex+it appears the url has been modified. restore?0editdonex+-87editdonehttp://www.foxnews.com/science/2014/09/24/india-puts-spacecraft-into-orbit-around-mars/undefinedsign in to your email providerconnecting to email failed. %tag%view error%gat%connectconnectgoogleyahoo sign in with your existing account ??facebook ??google+ ??twitter ??yahoo ??linkedin ??aol with a fox news account sign up ? email addressvalidating validating i forgot my password find answers to your questions about the fox news community in our faqs.", "bull": 1}, {"raw_text": "search sign in to comment!login fox news home watch live trending video politics politics home midterm elections executive senate house of representatives defense judiciary scandals congress to-do list u.s. u.s. home crime terrorism economy immigration disasters military education environment personal freedoms regions opinion opinion home todd starnes judith miller juan williams kt mcfarland dr. keith ablow karl rove ric grenell entertainment [fox411] home celebrity news movies tv music style [fox411] video tech tech home gadgets google social military tech smartphones video games slideshows science science home archaeology air &amp; space planet earth wild nature natural science dinosaurs slideshows health health home men's health women's health children's health alternative medicine diabetes heart health allergies nutrition &amp; fitness travel travel home slideshows in 5 guides lifestyle lifestyle home auto food &amp; drink real estate recipes wine with me world world home u.n. conflicts terrorism disasters global economy environment religion scandals regions sports sports home football basketball hockey baseball college sports tennis nascar golf more sports stats on air on air home a healthy you &amp; carol alt america's news hq america's newsroom cavuto fox files fox &amp; friends first fox &amp; friends fox &amp; friends weekend fox news sunday geraldo at large greta hannity happening now huckabee justice with judge jeanine #mediabuzz outnumbered red eye w/ gutfeld shepard smith reporting special report specials sunday morning futures with maria bartiromo the cost of freedom the five the journal editorial report the kelly file the o'reilly factor the real story w/ gretchen carlson war stories more from fox news fox news fox business fox news latino fox news go fox news radio fox nation fox news insider fox news fox business fox news latino fox news go fox news radio fox nation fox news insider menu home foxnews.com search science home air &amp; space archaeology planet earth wild nature natural science dinosaurs slideshows history mummified fetus reveals ancient surgical procedure by agata blaszczak boxepublished october 03, 2014 facebook8 twitter14 livefyre email print a mummified fetus dating back to 1840 and discovered in central italy.?(ruggero d'anastasio) a 19th-century mummified fetus that underwent an ancient surgical procedure while in its mother's womb has been discovered by researchers in italy, according to a new report. the procedure was apparently done when a mother's life was in danger or the fetus had already died.advertisementadvertisement the investigators found the mummy after a devastating magnitude-6.3 earthquake occurred in l'aquila in central italy on april 6, 2009. the earthquake resulted in more than 300 deaths and damaged many buildings in the nearby area, including the historical st. john the evangelist church in the village of casentino. the floor of the church partially collapsed, exposing underground rooms holding mummified human bodies, which included the newfound fetus that dates back to 1840, according to the researchers' estimates. when the researchers examined the fetus mummy using a radiograph, they saw a fetal skeleton that was not fully connected or articulated, which means that some of the bones were not in the exact same position to each other as they likely were when the fetus was alive. they were not able to establish the sex of the fetus, as they could not determine the morphology of its pelvic and jaw bones, which scientists use to identify sexual characteristics of skeletons. the researchers did estimate the fetus was at 29 weeks of development inside its mother's womb. [see photos of the mummy fetus and excavation site] a few features of the mummy suggested that an operation had taken place. the fetus' skull had been dissected in several places and disconnected from the spine, while its arms had been separated from the rest of the body at the joints, none of which typically occurs in the process of post-mortem examinations. all of these characteristics \"strongly suggest a case of embryotomy,\" which was a procedure that occurred before removing the fetus from the womb, study author ruggero d'anastasio of university museum at university of chieti, italy, told live science. this likely case of embryotomy \"is the only anthropological proof of this surgical practice up to now in this geographical region,\" he added. embryotomy was a common practice in ancient times, d'anastasio said. the procedure was practiced in alexandria and then in rome during the first and second centuries, the researchers wrote in the study. physicians typically performed it when a mother's life was threatened due to delivery complications or when the fetus was already thought to be dead in the womb. according to some reports, however, \"embryotomy was [also] the most extreme method of abortion during the medieval period,\" they wrote. the remains of this fetus had been reassembled to match its anatomic shape, including the fragments of the skull being placed at the top of the mummy inside a headgear. the careful reassembly and dressing of the fetus indicates a high sense of compassion for the death of unborn children within the local community at the time, the researchers said. the other human remains found at the site likely date back to the 19th century or earlier, as confirmed by a scientific method of age determination called radiocarbon dating and information gathered from personal objects. those items include rings and rosary beads, shoes and clothes, as well as the textiles and shrouds used for wrapping the mummified bodies. some of the bodies had lesions from autopsy procedures, such as craniotomy, in which a bone flap is removed from the skull to access the brain, according to the report published online aug. 12 in the international journal of osteoarcheology. advertisement more from livesciencein images: the mummy of a murdered incan womanin photos: 'alien' skulls reveal odd, ancient tradition16 oddest medical cases scitech connect subscribe to the daily geek sheet for top science and technology stories thank you! your subscription has been submitted. science video california father and son create device to repel sharks (video - science) california father and son create device to repel sharks (video - science) recommended by trending in science 1 shark attack: great white attacks fellow shark 2 guy discovers treasure, guards it by sleeping in car for 3 days 3 52-million-year-old 'ant-loving' beetle caught in amber 4 gov't audit raps los alamos over lax handling of radioactive waste 5 popular supplement is culprit in itchy rash see all trends american innovation more ? low-cost baby incubator aims to boost infant health startup touts noise elimination software for mobile phones scientists proceed with caution towards new gene mutation technology advertisement ? america's election hq see the latest updates on the hottest midterm races from fox news full elections coverage ? ebola update: 46 people being monitored, family has been moved wow! the most amazing images in science this week why global food companies are dumping animal cruelty (op-ed) mouse study: ibuprofen may make old lungs look young prostate cancer in young men: what you should know great archaeological discoveries ahead: photos opinion: more archaeological finds coming through tech angry, rolling cloud is first new type in 60 years majorana discovery: after 80 year search, weird particle found vanishing bumble bee species reappears in virginia we take a closer look at the windows 10 technical preview?s new design anura is a pocket-sized flying camera drone you can take with you wherever you go google building lego-like screens that seamlessly connect to form larger displays ford c-max flaunts new face at paris motor show windows 10 poll: is the new start menu enough of a reason for you to upgrade? best space photos of the week - oct. 4, 2014 see uranus with a shadowy full moon during total lunar eclipse nasa eyes crew deep sleep option for mars mission total lunar eclipse of oct. 8, 2014: sky maps and guides how spaceshipone and x prize launched commercial spaceflight 10 years ago chris martin joins kings of leon for hollywood show -- but was jennifer lawrence in the audience? hospital: us ebola patient in critical condition biden apologizes to turkish president over remarks the 7 best things to buy in october seniors: that offer for free medical supplies is a total scam site index sections home video politics u.s. opinion entertainment tech science health travel lifestyle world sports weather on air tools live video trending ureport newsletters alerts blogs mobile podcasts radio fox news store apps &amp; downloads about careers college students fox around the world advertise with us terms of use privacy policy ad choices contact us email newsroom faq media relations follow facebook twitter google+ linkedin rss newsletters fox news back to top this material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. ?2014 fox news network, llc. all rights reserved. all market data delayed 20 minutes. privacy - terms - faq &lt;img src=\"http://metrics.foxnews.com/b/ss/foxnews/1/h22.1--ns/1412461752715?pagename=noscript:science:subsection:article&amp;g=http://www.foxnews.com/science/2014/10/03/mummified-fetus-reveals-ancient-surgical-procedure/\" style=\"display:none;\" width=\"0\" height=\"0\" border=\"0\" alt=\"\"&gt; &lt;img src=\"//secure-us.imrworldwide.com/cgi-bin/m?ci=us-801796h&amp;amp;cg=0&amp;amp;cc=1&amp;amp;si=http://www.foxnews.com/science/2014/10/03/mummified-fetus-reveals-ancient-surgical-procedure/&amp;amp;ts=noscript&amp;amp;rnd=1412461752715\" style=\"display:none;\" width=\"0\" height=\"0\" border=\"0\" alt=\"\"&gt; &lt;img src=\"http://b.scorecardresearch.com/p?c1=2&amp;c2=9013181&amp;c3=&amp;c4=http://www.foxnews.com/science/2014/10/03/mummified-fetus-reveals-ancient-surgical-procedure/&amp;c5=&amp;c6=&amp;c15=&amp;cv=2.2&amp;cj=1\" style=\"display:none;\" width=\"0\" height=\"0\" border=\"0\" alt=\"\"&gt;", "bull": 1}, {"raw_text": "search sign in to comment!login fox news home watch live trending video politics politics home midterm elections executive senate house of representatives defense judiciary scandals congress to-do list u.s. u.s. home crime terrorism economy immigration disasters military education environment personal freedoms regions opinion opinion home todd starnes judith miller juan williams kt mcfarland dr. keith ablow karl rove ric grenell entertainment [fox411] home celebrity news movies tv music style [fox411] video tech tech home gadgets google social military tech smartphones video games slideshows science science home archaeology air &amp; space planet earth wild nature natural science dinosaurs slideshows health health home men's health women's health children's health alternative medicine diabetes heart health allergies nutrition &amp; fitness travel travel home slideshows in 5 guides lifestyle lifestyle home auto food &amp; drink real estate recipes wine with me world world home u.n. conflicts terrorism disasters global economy environment religion scandals regions sports sports home football basketball hockey baseball college sports tennis nascar golf more sports stats on air on air home a healthy you &amp; carol alt america's news hq america's newsroom cavuto fox files fox &amp; friends first fox &amp; friends fox &amp; friends weekend fox news sunday geraldo at large greta hannity happening now huckabee justice with judge jeanine #mediabuzz outnumbered red eye w/ gutfeld shepard smith reporting special report specials sunday morning futures with maria bartiromo the cost of freedom the five the journal editorial report the kelly file the o'reilly factor the real story w/ gretchen carlson war stories more from fox news fox news fox business fox news latino fox news go fox news radio fox nation fox news insider fox news fox business fox news latino fox news go fox news radio fox nation fox news insider login menu home foxnews.com search science home air &amp; space archaeology planet earth wild nature natural science dinosaurs slideshows mars nasa says maven spacecraft enters orbit around mars published september 22, 2014foxnews.com facebook460 twitter494 livefyre156 email print now playing nasa's maven enters mars orbit; will explore from space nasa's maven spacecraft has entered orbit around mars, completing a journey that lasted nearly a year and covered 442 million miles.? nasa said late sunday that the robotic explorer had fired its brakes and slipped into orbit, successfully completing the first part of its $671 million mission.?advertisementadvertisement \"this is such an incredible night,\" john grunsfeld, nasa's chief for science missions, told the associated press.? flight controllers will spend the next six weeks adjusting maven's altitude and checking its science instruments. then maven will start probing the planet's upper atmosphere. the spacecraft will conduct its observations from orbit; it's not meant to land. scientists believe the martian atmosphere holds clues as to how earth's neighbor went from being warm and wet billions of years ago to cold and dry. that early moist world may have harbored microbial life, a tantalizing question yet to be answered. the spacecraft was launched from cape canaveral this past november, making it the 10th u.s. mission sent to orbit the red planet. three earlier ones failed, and until the official word came of success late sunday night, the entire team was on edge. \"i don't have any fingernails any more, but we've made it,\" said colleen hartman, deputy director for science at goddard space flight center in greenbelt, maryland. \"it's incredible.\" the spacecraft was clocking more than 10,000 mph when it hit the brakes for the so-called orbital insertion, a half-hour process. the world had to wait 12 minutes to learn the outcome, once it occurred, because of the lag in spacecraft signals given the 138 million miles between the two planets on sunday. \"based on observed navigation data, congratulations, maven is now in mars orbit,\" came the official announcement. flight controllers applauded the news and shook hands; laughter filled the previously tense-filled room. maven joins three spacecraft already circling mars, two american and one european. and the traffic jam isn't over: india's first interplanetary probe, mangalyaan, will reach mars in two days and also aim for orbit. maven's chief investigator, bruce jakosky of the university of colorado's laboratory for atmospheric and space physics in boulder, hopes to learn where all the water on mars went, along with the carbon dioxide that once comprised an atmosphere thick enough to hold moist clouds. the gases may have been stripped away by the sun early in mars' existence, escaping into the upper atmosphere and out into space. maven's observations should be able to extrapolate back in time, jakosky said. maven -- short for mars atmosphere and volatile evolution mission -- will spend at least a year collecting data. that's a full earth year, half a martian one. its orbit will dip as low as 78 miles above the martian surface as its eight instruments make measurements. the craft is as long as a school bus, from solar wingtip to tip, and as hefty as an suv. maven will have a rare brush with a comet next month. the nucleus of newly discovered comet siding spring will pass 82,000 miles from mars on oct. 19. the risk of comet dust damaging maven is low, officials said, and the spacecraft should be able to observe siding spring as a science bonus. lockheed martin corp., maven's maker, is operating the mission from its control center at littleton, colorado. this is nasa's 21st shot at mars and the first since the curiosity rover landed on the red planet in 2012. just this month, curiosity arrived at its prime science target, a mountain named sharp, ripe for drilling. the opportunity rover is also still active a decade after landing. all these robotic scouts are paving the way for the human explorers that nasa hopes to send in the 2030s. the associated press contributed to this report.? advertisement scitech connect subscribe to the daily geek sheet for top science and technology stories thank you! your subscription has been submitted. science video california father and son create device to repel sharks (video - science) california father and son create device to repel sharks (video - science) recommended by trending in science 1 shark attack: great white attacks fellow shark 2 guy discovers treasure, guards it by sleeping in car for 3 days 3 52-million-year-old 'ant-loving' beetle caught in amber 4 gov't audit raps los alamos over lax handling of radioactive waste 5 popular supplement is culprit in itchy rash see all trends american innovation more ? low-cost baby incubator aims to boost infant health startup touts noise elimination software for mobile phones scientists proceed with caution towards new gene mutation technology advertisement ? america's election hq see the latest updates on the hottest midterm races from fox news full elections coverage ? also on the web a surprising myth you didn't know about quicksand (columbia sportswear) these 10 countries are the most corrupt in the whole world (politics cheat sheet) an extremely brilliant way to pay off mortgage (bills.com) apache makes huge oil discovery off australia?s coast (fortune) innovation : who are the 10 most important inventors of all time ? (thales) an earth-shaking mystery in texas (fortune) more from fox news f-22?s baptism of fire impresses defense experts (tech) second teacher accused of having sex with 16-year-old student (u.s.) us trade deficit narrows to $40.1 billion in august as exports climb to record level (u.s.) redskins fans take aim at phil simms with fedex field signs (fox &amp; friends) physics professor says she has proof black holes don't exist (science) guy discovers treasure, guards it by sleeping in car for 3 days (science) recommended by watch now... sneak peek at 2015's most-anticipated vehicles (video - auto) are women the best chance to knock out prostate cancer? (video - health) meet the new breeds (video - lifestyle) sneak peek at 2015's most-anticipated vehicles (video - auto) are women the best chance to knock out prostate cancer? (video - health) meet the new breeds (video - lifestyle) ebola update: 46 people being monitored, family has been moved wow! the most amazing images in science this week why global food companies are dumping animal cruelty (op-ed) mouse study: ibuprofen may make old lungs look young prostate cancer in young men: what you should know great archaeological discoveries ahead: photos opinion: more archaeological finds coming through tech angry, rolling cloud is first new type in 60 years majorana discovery: after 80 year search, weird particle found vanishing bumble bee species reappears in virginia we take a closer look at the windows 10 technical preview?s new design anura is a pocket-sized flying camera drone you can take with you wherever you go google building lego-like screens that seamlessly connect to form larger displays ford c-max flaunts new face at paris motor show windows 10 poll: is the new start menu enough of a reason for you to upgrade? best space photos of the week - oct. 4, 2014 see uranus with a shadowy full moon during total lunar eclipse nasa eyes crew deep sleep option for mars mission total lunar eclipse of oct. 8, 2014: sky maps and guides how spaceshipone and x prize launched commercial spaceflight 10 years ago chris martin joins kings of leon for hollywood show -- but was jennifer lawrence in the audience? hospital: us ebola patient in critical condition biden apologizes to turkish president over remarks the 7 best things to buy in october seniors: that offer for free medical supplies is a total scam site index sections home video politics u.s. opinion entertainment tech science health travel lifestyle world sports weather on air tools live video trending ureport newsletters alerts blogs mobile podcasts radio fox news store apps &amp; downloads about careers college students fox around the world advertise with us terms of use privacy policy ad choices contact us email newsroom faq media relations follow facebook twitter google+ linkedin rss newsletters fox news back to top this material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. ?2014 fox news network, llc. all rights reserved. all market data delayed 20 minutes. privacy - terms - faq &lt;img src=\"http://metrics.foxnews.com/b/ss/foxnews/1/h22.1--ns/1412462236317?pagename=noscript:science:front:article&amp;g=http://www.foxnews.com/science/2014/09/22/nasa-says-maven-spacecraft-enters-orbit-around-mars/\" style=\"display:none;\" width=\"0\" height=\"0\" border=\"0\" alt=\"\"&gt; &lt;img src=\"//secure-us.imrworldwide.com/cgi-bin/m?ci=us-801796h&amp;amp;cg=0&amp;amp;cc=1&amp;amp;si=http://www.foxnews.com/science/2014/09/22/nasa-says-maven-spacecraft-enters-orbit-around-mars/&amp;amp;ts=noscript&amp;amp;rnd=1412462236317\" style=\"display:none;\" width=\"0\" height=\"0\" border=\"0\" alt=\"\"&gt; &lt;img src=\"http://b.scorecardresearch.com/p?c1=2&amp;c2=9013181&amp;c3=&amp;c4=http://www.foxnews.com/science/2014/09/22/nasa-says-maven-spacecraft-enters-orbit-around-mars/&amp;c5=&amp;c6=&amp;c15=&amp;cv=2.2&amp;cj=1\" style=\"display:none;\" width=\"0\" height=\"0\" border=\"0\" alt=\"\"&gt; resend email verification to sign in you must verify your email address. fill out the form below and we'll send you an email to verify. {* #resendverificationform *} {* resendverification_emailaddress *} {* newpasswordformbutton *} {* /resendverificationform *} please change your display name. your display name is unavailable. {* #postloginform1 *} {*postlogin_displayname *} {* postlogin_acceptbutton *} {* /postloginform1 *} your verification email has been sent check your email for a link to reset your password. sign in account deletion are you sure you want to permanently delete your fox news digital account? you will lose your activity history and email preferences. {* confirmdeactivateform *} {* confirmdeactivatebutton *} {* /confirmdeactivateform *} you did it! your password has been successfully changed. close change your password {* newpasswordform *} {* oldpassword *} {* newpassword *} {* newpasswordconfirm *} i forgot my password {* newpasswordformbutton *} {* /newpasswordform *} member profile don't have an account? create one now {* profilephotocustom *} {* public_displayname *} {* member_since *} {* public_city *} {* public_state *} {* public_country *} {* public_birthdate *} {* public_gender *} {* slider_public *} user stats comments ureports likes shares {* public_shares *} sign in welcome back, {* welcomename *} (not you?) sign in with your account use another account ? ??{* returnprovider *} privacy policy sign in welcome back, (not you?) sign in with your account use another account ? {* #userinformationform *} {* traditionalsignin_emailaddress *} {* traditionalsignin_password *} {* traditionalsignin_signinbutton *} {* /userinformationform *} privacy policy you're almost done! complete the following form to submit your registration. {* #socialregistrationform *} {* socialregistration_firstname *} {* socialregistration_lastname *} {* socialregistration_displayname *} {* socialregistration_emailaddress *} {* registration_birthday *} terms of service {* agreetoterms *} {* socialregistration_button *} {* /socialregistrationform *} create a fox news account already have an account? sign in ? {* #registrationform *} {* traditionalregistration_firstname *} {* traditionalregistration_lastname *} {* traditionalregistration_displayname *} {* traditionalregistration_emailaddress *} {* traditionalregistration_password *} {* traditionalregistration_passwordconfirm *} {* registration_birthday *} subscribe to fox news email newsletters optional fox news morning headlines fox news top headlines fox business breaking alerts fox news breaking alerts security check {* captcha *} {* agreetoterms *} {* createaccountbutton *} {* /registrationform *} thank you for registering! once you confirm your email address you will be able to access commenting and exclusive content on all the fox news digital websites! verify your email we just sent an email to your account to verify your email address. check your inbox and click on the link to confirm your account. close forgot my password enter your current email address, and we'll send you instructions to create a new password. {* #forgotpasswordform *} {* forgotpassword_emailaddress *} {* forgotpassword_sendbutton *} {* /forgotpasswordform *} forgot my password success! you should receive an email shortly with instructions to change your password. close {* mergeaccounts {\"custom\": true} *} create a fox news account it looks like you've been here before. we already have an account for: {| current_emailaddress |} connect this session with your existing account forgot password? not you? continue creating a new account sign in to complete account merge {* #tradauthenticatemergeform *} {* traditionalsignin_emailaddress *} {* traditionalsignin_password *} {* traditionalsignin_signinbutton *} forgot password? {* /tradauthenticatemergeform *} facebooktwitterlinkedinemailsocial sharing by janrainshare on your timelineshared on your timelinethanks for sharing with your friends on facebook. share with your other networks too!start overx+4editdoneor browse friendsand 0 morex+it appears the url has been modified. restore?0editdonex+it appears the url has been modified. restore?0editdonehttp://www.foxnews.com/science/2014/09/22/nasa-says-maven-spacecraft-enters-orbit-around-mars/?intcmp=science_hcuundefinedconnecting to facebook failed. %tag%view error%gat%shareconnecttweet to your followersprefer a direct message? choose followersshared to twitterdirect message your followersyou can also tweet to all your followerssent to your followersthanks for sharing with your followers on twitter. share with your other networks too!start overselect your followersx+11editdoneclosedoneselected followersx+11editdoneclosedonex+4editdoneor browse followersand 0 morex+it appears the url has been modified. restore?140editdonex+url will be shortened97editdonehttp://www.foxnews.com/science/2014/09/22/nasa-says-maven-spacecraft-enters-orbit-around-mars/?intcmp=science_hcuundefinedconnecting to twitter failed. %tag%view error%gat%shareconnectshare with your connectionsprefer sending a message? choose connectionsshared to linkedinmessage to your connectionsyou can also share with all connectionssent to your connectionsthanks for sharing with your connections on linkedin. share with your other networks too!start overselect your connectionsx+11editdoneclosedoneselected connectionsx+11editdoneclosedonex+4editdoneor browse connectionsand 0 morex+it appears the url has been modified. restore?0editdonex+it appears the url has been modified. restore?0editdonehttp://www.foxnews.com/science/2014/09/22/nasa-says-maven-spacecraft-enters-orbit-around-mars/?intcmp=science_hcuundefinedsign in to your email providerconnecting to linkedin failed. %tag%view error%gat%shareconnectshare with your friends by emailemail sentthanks for sharing with your contacts via email. share with your other networks too!start overselect your contactsx+11editdoneclosedoneselected contactsx+11editdoneclosedonex+30editdoneor browse contactsand 0 morex+it appears the url has been modified. restore?0editdonex+-113editdonehttp://www.foxnews.com/science/2014/09/22/nasa-says-maven-spacecraft-enters-orbit-around-mars/?intcmp=science_hcuundefinedsign in to your email providerconnecting to email failed. %tag%view error%gat%connectconnectgoogleyahoo sign in with your existing account ??facebook ??google+ ??twitter ??yahoo ??linkedin ??aol with a fox news account sign up ? email addressvalidating validating i forgot my password find answers to your questions about the fox news community in our faqs.", "bull": 1}, {"raw_text": "reversal sought in california girls' brain-death | fox news search sign in to comment!login fox news home watch live trending video politics politics home midterm elections executive senate house of representatives defense judiciary scandals congress to-do list u.s. u.s. home crime terrorism economy immigration disasters military education environment personal freedoms regions opinion opinion home todd starnes judith miller juan williams kt mcfarland dr. keith ablow karl rove ric grenell entertainment [fox411] home celebrity news movies tv music style [fox411] video tech tech home gadgets google social military tech smartphones video games slideshows science science home archaeology air &amp; space planet earth wild nature natural science dinosaurs slideshows health health home men's health women's health children's health alternative medicine diabetes heart health allergies nutrition &amp; fitness travel travel home slideshows in 5 guides lifestyle lifestyle home auto food &amp; drink real estate recipes wine with me world world home u.n. conflicts terrorism disasters global economy environment religion scandals regions sports sports home football basketball hockey baseball college sports tennis nascar golf more sports stats on air on air home a healthy you &amp; carol alt america's news hq america's newsroom cavuto fox files fox &amp; friends first fox &amp; friends fox &amp; friends weekend fox news sunday geraldo at large greta hannity happening now huckabee justice with judge jeanine #mediabuzz outnumbered red eye w/ gutfeld shepard smith reporting special report specials sunday morning futures with maria bartiromo the cost of freedom the five the journal editorial report the kelly file the o'reilly factor the real story w/ gretchen carlson war stories more from fox news fox news fox business fox news latino fox news go fox news radio fox nation fox news insider fox news fox business fox news latino fox news go fox news radio fox nation fox news insider menu home foxnews.com search health home men's health women's health children's health alternative medicine diabetes heart health allergies education reversal sought in california girls' brain-death published october 03, 2014associated press facebook16 twitter4 email print this undated file photo provided by the mcmath family and omari sealey shows jahi mcmath.?(ap/courtesy of mcmath family and omari sealey) an attorney for the family of a california teenager who was declared brain-dead says doctors have found signs of brain functions and is seeking an unprecedented court order declaring her alive. attorney chris dolan said thursday that doctors at the non-profit international brain research foundation made the findings after running a series of tests on the 13-year-old jahi mcmath at rutgers university last week.advertisementadvertisement the discovery came months after three doctors, including one appointed by a judge, declared mcmath brain dead and alameda county issued a death certificate after her dec. 9 sleep apnea surgery went awry. since then, jahi's mother has pushed for keeping her daughter's organs functioning on life support, first at children's hospital in oakland and later at an undisclosed medical facility in new jersey. dolan said jahi and her parents moved to a house in new jersey about a month ago where the girl remains on life support. on thursday, dolan showed video clips to a small group of reporters that he says proves jahi is still alive. one clip shows her twitching her foot after her mother asks her to move it. another shows hand movement in apparent response to her mother's commands. philip defina, chief executive and chief scientific officer of the international brain research foundation, said jahi has responded to commands many other times. \"there is a consistency to it,\" said defina said. defina also said brain scans showed electrical activity, and other tests showed blood flowing to the brain. arthur caplan, head of medical ethics at new york university's langone medical center, said he knows of no cases of a brain death determination being reversed. he cautioned that the data collected on jahi has to be examined by other researchers and experts in the field before any conclusions can be made. \"were this to be true, it would be an earth-shattering development in understanding death,\" caplan said. \"they're playing a high-stakes game.\" lawyers for the university of california, san francisco benioff children's hospital said the evidence in jahi's case still supports the determination that she is legally dead. \"this is a sad situation where the court made the correct determination that jahi mcmath was dead,\" hospital attorney douglas strauss stated in court papers. \"there is no factual basis or legal justification for requiring those involved to endure re-litigation of that properly reached determination.\" after the december surgery, jahi began bleeding heavily and went into cardiac arrest. she was declared brain-dead dec. 12. her mother and other family members refuse to believe the girl is dead as long as her heart is beating. they went to court last winter seeking an order to prevent the hospital from removing a respirator and feeding tube. the two sides reached an agreement allowing jahi to be transferred if her mother assumed responsibility for further complications. she was removed from children's hospital on jan. 5, less than two days before an injunction that would have allowed the hospital to remove the equipment. a court hearing has been scheduled for oct. 9. advertisement health connect weekly news and features that matter the most to your well-being thank you! your subscription has been submitted. top health centersmore back pain beauty &amp; skin cancer cold and flu depression heart disease digestive health nutrition pain management pregnancy sexual health trending in health 1 sick passenger removed from united flight by medical personnel in hazmat suits 2 us ebola patient in critical condition, hospital says 3 utah mom of 6 given 24 hours to live defies odds, returns home 4 6 gluten-free easy whole grain breakfast ideas 5 6 things all parents should know about enterovirus d68 see all trends from around the webus ebola patient in critical condition, hospital saysfox news health7 ways to keep your summer body in the fallfox news healthcrew disinfects home where ebola patient stayedfox news healthcrew disinfects home where ebola patient stayedfox news health advertisement ? america's election hq see the latest updates on the hottest midterm races from fox news full elections coverage ? origin of aids pandemic traced to 1920s kinshasa dallas cowboys will keep c.j. spillman on roster georges st-pierre is making a comeback to the ufc drinking makes male smiles contagious scientists reverse memory loss in alzheimer's patients 14 reasons you're always tired 11 reasons why you're not losing belly fat 26 quick and tasty zucchini recipes 13 delicious twists on classic lunches 5 fat-burning body weight exercises xeljanz: a blessing or a curse for rheumatoid arthritis patients? nbc news cameraman in liberia contracts ebola, will be treated in the us curiosity changes the brain to boost learning and memory up to 100 people monitored for ebola in texas; official 'certain' us can stop the virus surprise! free birth control and sex education slash rates of teen pregnancy and abortion site index sections home video politics u.s. opinion entertainment tech science health travel lifestyle world sports weather on air tools live video trending ureport newsletters alerts blogs mobile podcasts radio fox news store apps &amp; downloads about careers college students fox around the world advertise with us terms of use privacy policy ad choices contact us email newsroom faq media relations follow facebook twitter google+ linkedin rss newsletters fox news back to top this material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. ?2014 fox news network, llc. all rights reserved. all market data delayed 20 minutes. privacy - terms - faq &lt;img src=\"http://metrics.foxnews.com/b/ss/foxnews/1/h22.1--ns/1412462047270?pagename=noscript:health:subsection:article&amp;g=http://www.foxnews.com/health/2014/10/03/reversal-sought-in-california-girls-brain-death/\" style=\"display:none;\" width=\"0\" height=\"0\" border=\"0\" alt=\"\"&gt; &lt;img src=\"//secure-us.imrworldwide.com/cgi-bin/m?ci=us-801796h&amp;amp;cg=0&amp;amp;cc=1&amp;amp;si=http://www.foxnews.com/health/2014/10/03/reversal-sought-in-california-girls-brain-death/&amp;amp;ts=noscript&amp;amp;rnd=1412462047270\" style=\"display:none;\" width=\"0\" height=\"0\" border=\"0\" alt=\"\"&gt; &lt;img src=\"http://b.scorecardresearch.com/p?c1=2&amp;c2=9013181&amp;c3=&amp;c4=http://www.foxnews.com/health/2014/10/03/reversal-sought-in-california-girls-brain-death/&amp;c5=&amp;c6=&amp;c15=&amp;cv=2.2&amp;cj=1\" style=\"display:none;\" width=\"0\" height=\"0\" border=\"0\" alt=\"\"&gt;", "bull": 1}, {"raw_text": "cdc insists ebola under control even as stricken man's relatives quarantined, home awaits scrubdown | fox news search sign in to comment!login fox news home watch live trending video politics politics home midterm elections executive senate house of representatives defense judiciary scandals congress to-do list u.s. u.s. home crime terrorism economy immigration disasters military education environment personal freedoms regions opinion opinion home todd starnes judith miller juan williams kt mcfarland dr. keith ablow karl rove ric grenell entertainment [fox411] home celebrity news movies tv music style [fox411] video tech tech home gadgets google social military tech smartphones video games slideshows science science home archaeology air &amp; space planet earth wild nature natural science dinosaurs slideshows health health home men's health women's health children's health alternative medicine diabetes heart health allergies nutrition &amp; fitness travel travel home slideshows in 5 guides lifestyle lifestyle home auto food &amp; drink real estate recipes wine with me world world home u.n. conflicts terrorism disasters global economy environment religion scandals regions sports sports home football basketball hockey baseball college sports tennis nascar golf more sports stats on air on air home a healthy you &amp; carol alt america's news hq america's newsroom cavuto fox files fox &amp; friends first fox &amp; friends fox &amp; friends weekend fox news sunday geraldo at large greta hannity happening now huckabee justice with judge jeanine #mediabuzz outnumbered red eye w/ gutfeld shepard smith reporting special report specials sunday morning futures with maria bartiromo the cost of freedom the five the journal editorial report the kelly file the o'reilly factor the real story w/ gretchen carlson war stories more from fox news fox news fox business fox news latino fox news go fox news radio fox nation fox news insider fox news fox business fox news latino fox news go fox news radio fox nation fox news insider menu home foxnews.com search health home men's health women's health children's health alternative medicine diabetes heart health allergies ebola cdc insists ebola under control even as stricken man's relatives quarantined, home awaits scrubdown published october 03, 2014foxnews.com facebook5743 twitter237 livefyre7839 email print now playing family of dallas ebola patient legally quarantined federal health officials rushed friday to assure a frightened public that ebola does not pose a serious threat in the u.s., even as the first ? and thus far only ? diagnosis on american soil exposed potential flaws in border screening, treatment and disposal of contaminated items. as ebola patient thomas eric duncan, who showed symptoms of the often-fatal disease shortly after arriving from liberia, was in serious condition and being treated in isolation at texas health presbyterian hospital, relatives in dallas resisted a quarantine amid reports that cleanup specialists were balking at disinfecting their home.?advertisementadvertisement still, dr. thomas frieden, director of the centers for disease control and prevention (cdc), insists he's confident ebola can be contained in the u.s., unlike in africa where it has killed more than 3,300 since the current outbreak began late last year. ?i have no doubt we will control this case of ebola so that it does not spread widely,? frieden said. \"i have no doubt we will control this case of ebola so that it does not spread widely.\"- cdc director thomas frieden so far, duncan's diagnosis is the only verified one in the u.s. a man who was isolated in a hawaii hospital after showing symptoms consistent with ebola has been cleared, although on friday, a spokeswoman for howard university in washington said the university's hospital has admiteed a patient who had been in nigeria and showed possible symptoms. frieden's assurances came amid calls for better screening of u.s.-bound passengers from ebola-affected nations and word that duncan's initial triage was bungled at the hospital. at a dallas apartment where duncan stayed after arriving sept. 20, family members were legally quarantined thursday after refusing to comply with dallas health officials requests that they stay home. doctors are taking the temperatures of four family members in the unit where duncan was staying twice a day to monitor symptoms as part of the health surveillance efforts being led by cdc officials and local dallas authorities. texas health officials told reporters during a press conference thursday that the family would be quarantined in their apartment unit for the next 20 days until the potential incubation period for ebola is over.? on thursday, a springfield, mo., microbiologist and emergency trauma physician who runs a charity in guatemala, appeared at atlanta?s hartsfield-jackson international airport dressed in protective gear to protest what he called mismanagement of the crisis by the federal centers for disease control and prevention. ?if they?re not lying, they are grossly incompetent,? said dr. gil mobley, who cleared airport security wearing a mask, goggles, gloves, boots and a hooded white jumpsuit emblazoned on the back with the words, ?cdc is lying!? in duncan's homeland, authorities vowed to prosecute him for allegedly lying on an airport screening form by answering ?no? to questions about whether he had ?cared for an ebola patient or touched the body of someone who had died in an area affected by ebola.\" in truth, duncan reportedly had helped carry a 19-year-old pregnant woman to a taxi to go to the hospital just five days before he boarded a u.s.-bound flight. the woman later died. ?there were no signs of any disease when the gentleman boarded the flight,? said dr. tom kenyon, director of the cdc?s center for global health. ?this was not a failure of the screening process at the airport.? but the ease at which duncan passed the screening, coupled with the fact that ebola victims may not become symptomatic for weeks after exposure, raised questions about how best to keep the disease off american soil. jessica vaughn, a researcher affiliated with the nonprofit center for immigration studies in washington, said officials have the right to ban anyone from entering the u.s. if they pose a potential threat to public health or safety.? ?other countries are banning travellers from outbreak countries, and we should, too,? vaughn told the washington post. ?in the middle of a health crisis, the government should be setting up more robust screening protocols.? meanwhile, health officials in dallas acknowledged that duncan?s clothing and bedding were still in plastic bags and had not been removed, the dallas morning news reports. officials were seemingly unsure how to delegate the removal of contaminated items from the apartment.? asked why duncan's items and clothing were still at the location, the county's health and human services director responded that it wasn't his agency's responsibility. the items will soon be \"appropriately disposed of,\" a county judge said. health officials widened their search thursday to 100 individuals possibly exposed to the disease ? tracing contacts of the patient and medical staff who initially treated him. also on thursday, officials said three more young children potentially had contact with duncan, bringing the number of kids being monitored to eight. ?we?re going to break that risk down to high-risk, no-risk and low-risk, and that?s going to be the basis of our contact tracing,? said david daigle, associate director for communications, public health preparedness and response at the cdc. daigle expressed concern about infection control at texas health presbyterian hospital, where duncan is currently in isolation, and said that a team was dispatched to conduct the same kind of contact tracing officials are doing in the local community. zachary thompson, director of dallas county health and human services, tried to quell fears in the community of the virus spreading and stressed transparency during the investigation. ?a lot of the individuals that we come in contact with will not have any symptoms, they will not have any association other than the fact that someone said they were there, or they might have had contact,? thompson said. ?this is local public health surveillance at its best, in what we do day in and day out.? police were stationed at the ivy apartment complex where the family lives thursday to keep the peace and assist residents and health officials in the community during the investigation. ?we want to make sure we create a calm and safe environment for [health officials] to do their work ? that?s our primary focus. ?we have had reverse 911 calls to all the residents ? we?ve talked to them, we?ve explained what happened, and we?ve given them the option to call us back,? said dallas city mayor, mike rawlings. ?if citizens have any questions, they need to call 311. we will be able to give them a full explanation of what?s happening and answer any questions that are challenging.? additional nurses and health professionals were called into schools where the five students that were potentially exposed to ebola attended. ?our nurses are making two rounds every school day to every classroom just to check to see if anyone has questions or if there are any symptoms,? said ?mike miles, superintendent of dallas independent school district, adding that additional custodial staff was on hand to clean and disinfect the buildings the students attended. miles stressed the fact that the potential for contamination in the schools was minimal, but said they were doing extra cleaning to take the possibility off the table. the eight students in the potential contacts were enrolled in a homebound program where they will receive curricular and technology support to complete their coursework while they are out of school. attendance at the five schools involved in the investigation was down 10 percent thursday, but miles said he expects it to go back up. sally nuran, manager of the ivy apartments where duncan was visiting family, said during a press conference thursday that health officials alerted her of the ebola case on her property late monday night. she confirmed that the lease for that particular unit lists one adult and two children, but said she does not know how many people are currently occupying the space. as part of the monitoring process, the cdc has quarantined the family inside the unit, with strict instructions not to leave the apartment or even step out on the porch, according to nuran. the family was set to move out of the apartment when their lease expired on september 30. the complex is home to residents of many different nationalities and translators have been on hand to distribute information in at least eight different languages, according to nuran, who said she?s working with the cdc and other government agencies to educate residents about the current situation. fliers were placed on residents? doors in the apartment complex wednesday night and more translated fliers will be handed out during a community meeting thursday, according to nuran, who said language barriers have made it difficult to disseminate information. all common areas have been disinfected by the cdc, she said. foxnews.com's jessica mulvihill and the associated press contributed to this report. advertisement health connect weekly news and features that matter the most to your well-being thank you! your subscription has been submitted. top health centersmore back pain beauty &amp; skin cancer cold and flu depression heart disease digestive health nutrition pain management pregnancy sexual health health video ebola fact vs. fiction (video - health) how is ebola contracted and who is at risk? (video - health) 100 people may have been exposed to texas ebola patient (video - health) report: texas hospital misdiagnosed ebola patient (video - health) ebola fact vs. fiction (video - health) how is ebola contracted and who is at risk? (video - health) 100 people may have been exposed to texas ebola patient (video - health) report: texas hospital misdiagnosed ebola patient (video - health) recommended by trending in health 1 sick passenger removed from united flight by medical personnel in hazmat suits 2 us ebola patient in critical condition, hospital says 3 utah mom of 6 given 24 hours to live defies odds, returns home 4 6 gluten-free easy whole grain breakfast ideas 5 6 things all parents should know about enterovirus d68 see all trends from around the webus ebola patient in critical condition, hospital saysfox news health7 ways to keep your summer body in the fallfox news healthcrew disinfects home where ebola patient stayedfox news healthcrew disinfects home where ebola patient stayedfox news health advertisement ? sponsored stories you may like better off without them: 10 cars not worth ever leaving the lot business cheat sheet 10 most corrupt states in america fortune splicing human dna leads to 'terrible, terrible things' wired hiv/aids: changing my mind on treatment as prevention thebody.com better off without them: 10 cars not worth ever leaving the lot business cheat sheet 10 most corrupt states in america fortune splicing human dna leads to 'terrible, terrible things' wired hiv/aids: changing my mind on treatment as prevention thebody.com recommended by america's election hq see the latest updates on the hottest midterm races from fox news full elections coverage ? origin of aids pandemic traced to 1920s kinshasa dallas cowboys will keep c.j. spillman on roster georges st-pierre is making a comeback to the ufc drinking makes male smiles contagious scientists reverse memory loss in alzheimer's patients 14 reasons you're always tired 11 reasons why you're not losing belly fat 26 quick and tasty zucchini recipes 13 delicious twists on classic lunches 5 fat-burning body weight exercises xeljanz: a blessing or a curse for rheumatoid arthritis patients? nbc news cameraman in liberia contracts ebola, will be treated in the us curiosity changes the brain to boost learning and memory up to 100 people monitored for ebola in texas; official 'certain' us can stop the virus surprise! free birth control and sex education slash rates of teen pregnancy and abortion site index sections home video politics u.s. opinion entertainment tech science health travel lifestyle world sports weather on air tools live video trending ureport newsletters alerts blogs mobile podcasts radio fox news store apps &amp; downloads about careers college students fox around the world advertise with us terms of use privacy policy ad choices contact us email newsroom faq media relations follow facebook twitter google+ linkedin rss newsletters fox news back to top this material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. ?2014 fox news network, llc. all rights reserved. all market data delayed 20 minutes. privacy - terms - faq &lt;img src=\"http://metrics.foxnews.com/b/ss/foxnews/1/h22.1--ns/1412462127925?pagename=noscript:health:column:article&amp;g=http://www.foxnews.com/health/2014/10/03/ebola-patients-family-quarantined-as-officials-search-for-possible-exposures/\" style=\"display:none;\" width=\"0\" height=\"0\" border=\"0\" alt=\"\"&gt; &lt;img src=\"//secure-us.imrworldwide.com/cgi-bin/m?ci=us-801796h&amp;amp;cg=0&amp;amp;cc=1&amp;amp;si=http://www.foxnews.com/health/2014/10/03/ebola-patients-family-quarantined-as-officials-search-for-possible-exposures/&amp;amp;ts=noscript&amp;amp;rnd=1412462127925\" style=\"display:none;\" width=\"0\" height=\"0\" border=\"0\" alt=\"\"&gt; &lt;img src=\"http://b.scorecardresearch.com/p?c1=2&amp;c2=9013181&amp;c3=&amp;c4=http://www.foxnews.com/health/2014/10/03/ebola-patients-family-quarantined-as-officials-search-for-possible-exposures/&amp;c5=&amp;c6=&amp;c15=&amp;cv=2.2&amp;cj=1\" style=\"display:none;\" width=\"0\" height=\"0\" border=\"0\" alt=\"\"&gt; resend email verification to sign in you must verify your email address. fill out the form below and we'll send you an email to verify. {* #resendverificationform *} {* resendverification_emailaddress *} {* newpasswordformbutton *} {* /resendverificationform *} please change your display name. your display name is unavailable. {* #postloginform1 *} {*postlogin_displayname *} {* postlogin_acceptbutton *} {* /postloginform1 *} your verification email has been sent check your email for a link to reset your password. sign in account deletion are you sure you want to permanently delete your fox news digital account? you will lose your activity history and email preferences. {* confirmdeactivateform *} {* confirmdeactivatebutton *} {* /confirmdeactivateform *} you did it! your password has been successfully changed. close change your password {* newpasswordform *} {* oldpassword *} {* newpassword *} {* newpasswordconfirm *} i forgot my password {* newpasswordformbutton *} {* /newpasswordform *} member profile don't have an account? create one now {* profilephotocustom *} {* public_displayname *} {* member_since *} {* public_city *} {* public_state *} {* public_country *} {* public_birthdate *} {* public_gender *} {* slider_public *} user stats comments ureports likes shares {* public_shares *} sign in with your existing account ??facebook ??google+ ??twitter ??yahoo ??linkedin ??aol with a fox news account sign up ? {* #userinformationform *} {* traditionalsignin_emailaddress *} {* traditionalsignin_password *} i forgot my password {* traditionalsignin_signinbutton *} {* /userinformationform *} find answers to your questions about the fox news community in our faqs. sign in welcome back, {* welcomename *} (not you?) sign in with your account use another account ? ??{* returnprovider *} privacy policy sign in welcome back, (not you?) sign in with your account use another account ? {* #userinformationform *} {* traditionalsignin_emailaddress *} {* traditionalsignin_password *} {* traditionalsignin_signinbutton *} {* /userinformationform *} privacy policy you're almost done! complete the following form to submit your registration. {* #socialregistrationform *} {* socialregistration_firstname *} {* socialregistration_lastname *} {* socialregistration_displayname *} {* socialregistration_emailaddress *} {* registration_birthday *} terms of service {* agreetoterms *} {* socialregistration_button *} {* /socialregistrationform *} create a fox news account already have an account? sign in ? {* #registrationform *} {* traditionalregistration_firstname *} {* traditionalregistration_lastname *} {* traditionalregistration_displayname *} {* traditionalregistration_emailaddress *} {* traditionalregistration_password *} {* traditionalregistration_passwordconfirm *} {* registration_birthday *} subscribe to fox news email newsletters optional fox news morning headlines fox news top headlines fox business breaking alerts fox news breaking alerts security check {* captcha *} {* agreetoterms *} {* createaccountbutton *} {* /registrationform *} thank you for registering! once you confirm your email address you will be able to access commenting and exclusive content on all the fox news digital websites! verify your email we just sent an email to your account to verify your email address. check your inbox and click on the link to confirm your account. close forgot my password enter your current email address, and we'll send you instructions to create a new password. {* #forgotpasswordform *} {* forgotpassword_emailaddress *} {* forgotpassword_sendbutton *} {* /forgotpasswordform *} forgot my password success! you should receive an email shortly with instructions to change your password. close {* mergeaccounts {\"custom\": true} *} create a fox news account it looks like you've been here before. we already have an account for: {| current_emailaddress |} connect this session with your existing account forgot password? not you? continue creating a new account sign in to complete account merge {* #tradauthenticatemergeform *} {* traditionalsignin_emailaddress *} {* traditionalsignin_password *} {* traditionalsignin_signinbutton *} forgot password? {* /tradauthenticatemergeform *} facebooktwitterlinkedinemailsocial sharing by janrainshare on your timelineshared on your timelinethanks for sharing with your friends on facebook. share with your other networks too!start overx+4editdoneor browse friendsand 0 morex+it appears the url has been modified. restore?0editdonex+it appears the url has been modified. restore?0editdonehttp://www.foxnews.com/health/2014/10/03/ebola-patients-family-quarantined-as-officials-search-for-possible-exposures/undefinedconnecting to facebook failed. %tag%view error%gat%shareconnecttweet to your followersprefer a direct message? choose followersshared to twitterdirect message your followersyou can also tweet to all your followerssent to your followersthanks for sharing with your followers on twitter. share with your other networks too!start overselect your followersx+11editdoneclosedoneselected followersx+11editdoneclosedonex+4editdoneor browse followersand 0 morex+it appears the url has been modified. restore?140editdonex+url will be shortened116editdonehttp://www.foxnews.com/health/2014/10/03/ebola-patients-family-quarantined-as-officials-search-for-possible-exposures/undefinedconnecting to twitter failed. %tag%view error%gat%shareconnectshare with your connectionsprefer sending a message? choose connectionsshared to linkedinmessage to your connectionsyou can also share with all connectionssent to your connectionsthanks for sharing with your connections on linkedin. share with your other networks too!start overselect your connectionsx+11editdoneclosedoneselected connectionsx+11editdoneclosedonex+4editdoneor browse connectionsand 0 morex+it appears the url has been modified. restore?0editdonex+it appears the url has been modified. restore?0editdonehttp://www.foxnews.com/health/2014/10/03/ebola-patients-family-quarantined-as-officials-search-for-possible-exposures/undefinedsign in to your email providerconnecting to linkedin failed. %tag%view error%gat%shareconnectshare with your friends by emailemail sentthanks for sharing with your contacts via email. share with your other networks too!start overselect your contactsx+11editdoneclosedoneselected contactsx+11editdoneclosedonex+30editdoneor browse contactsand 0 morex+it appears the url has been modified. restore?0editdonex+-118editdonehttp://www.foxnews.com/health/2014/10/03/ebola-patients-family-quarantined-as-officials-search-for-possible-exposures/undefinedsign in to your email providerconnecting to email failed. %tag%view error%gat%connectconnectgoogleyahoo", "bull": 1}, {"raw_text": "fox news fox business fox news latino fox news go fox news radio fox nation fox news insider search watch live show clips news clips fn radio live fox news fox business fox news latino fox news radio fox nation fox news insider expand menu fox news fox news watch live show clips news clips fox news radio logout provider search popout player ? enlarge player ? powered by live ebola hits the us, enterovirus deaths, teen birth control oct. 02, 2014 - 0:58 - fox health fix: the top health headlines of the week ? ? interact with the show ? back to browse live advertisement poll ? ? watch live show clips a healthy you &amp; carol alt america's news hq america's newsroom cavuto fox files fox news sunday fox news reporting fox &amp; friends first fox &amp; friends fox report weekend geraldo at large greta hannity happening now huckabee justice w/ judge jeanine mediabuzz outnumbered red eye w/ greg gutfeld shepard smith reporting special report specials sunday morning futures w/ maria bartiromo the cost of freedom the five the journal editorial report the kelly file the o'reilly factor the real story war stories news clips featured politics us opinion entertainment tech science health travel lifestyle world sports magazine fox news back to top ?2014 fox news network, llc. all rights reserved. this material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. all market data delayed 20 minutes. privacy - terms - faq", "bull": 1}, {"raw_text": "can mantis shrimp help fight cancer? | fox news search sign in to comment!login fox news home watch live trending video politics politics home midterm elections executive senate house of representatives defense judiciary scandals congress to-do list u.s. u.s. home crime terrorism economy immigration disasters military education environment personal freedoms regions opinion opinion home todd starnes judith miller juan williams kt mcfarland dr. keith ablow karl rove ric grenell entertainment [fox411] home celebrity news movies tv music style [fox411] video tech tech home gadgets google social military tech smartphones video games slideshows science science home archaeology air &amp; space planet earth wild nature natural science dinosaurs slideshows health health home men's health women's health children's health alternative medicine diabetes heart health allergies nutrition &amp; fitness travel travel home slideshows in 5 guides lifestyle lifestyle home auto food &amp; drink real estate recipes wine with me world world home u.n. conflicts terrorism disasters global economy environment religion scandals regions sports sports home football basketball hockey baseball college sports tennis nascar golf more sports stats on air on air home a healthy you &amp; carol alt america's news hq america's newsroom cavuto fox files fox &amp; friends first fox &amp; friends fox &amp; friends weekend fox news sunday geraldo at large greta hannity happening now huckabee justice with judge jeanine #mediabuzz outnumbered red eye w/ gutfeld shepard smith reporting special report specials sunday morning futures with maria bartiromo the cost of freedom the five the journal editorial report the kelly file the o'reilly factor the real story w/ gretchen carlson war stories more from fox news fox news fox business fox news latino fox news go fox news radio fox nation fox news insider fox news fox business fox news latino fox news go fox news radio fox nation fox news insider menu home foxnews.com search health home men's health women's health children's health alternative medicine diabetes heart health allergies medicine hunter can mantis shrimp help fight cancer? by chris kilhampublished october 01, 2014foxnews.com facebook32 twitter15 livefyre0 email print mantis shrimps, dubbed \"thumb splitters\" by divers because of their vicious claws, have the most complex eyes in the animal kingdom.?(reuters) in the seemingly endless fight against cancer, flowers, barks, snakes, scorpions and various toxic sea creatures are part of an ever-growing pharmacopoeia of medicines and tools. now, research shows that a flamboyantly colorful sea inhabitant, the mantis shrimp, may possess useful skills in the cancer war as well.? the marine crustaceans, also known as ?thumb splitters? for the ability of their claws to cut skin or even dismember fingers if handled incorrectly, are typically bright red with prominent eyes, ?purple, pink and green highlights and can grow as long as 12 inches in length.advertisementadvertisement unlike other creatures that may possess toxins or peptides or other chemical agents that act as chemotherapeutic drugs, the mantis shrimp possesses a unique ability to detect cancerous tissue- just by looking. scientists at university of queensland in australia have found that the eyes of this shrimp can detect polarized light, and this enables the shrimp to differentiate between healthy tissue and cancer. this is because polarized light looks different on different types of tissue or cells. in a paper entitled ?nature?s elegant and efficient vision systems can detect cancer,? the university of queensland researchers said that polarized light reflects differently from cancerous tissue to healthy tissue, and that the mantis shrimp?s unusual visual system is the blueprint for new cancer-detection technology. this discovery of visual cancer recognition has science and technology developers figuring out how to create instruments which perform the same function. right now, a team of inventors from australia, the united states and the u.k. is hard at work developing a highly sensitive camera that will mimic this ability. in the future, this technology could be sufficiently advanced enough that it might be incorporated into your cell phone, enabling you to conduct a cancer scan while shooting a selfie. the mantis shrimp has unusually complex and precise vision, and this helps it to navigate in the marine environment, finding food on the sandy ocean floor, and detecting threats nearby. the eyes of the shrimp are divided into three sections, each with specialized color detection and depth perception. the result is an unusually elaborate visual system. various creatures and derivatives from them are now either being studied for their roles in the fight against cancer as drugs, or for other peculiar properties. the cone snail, a marine creature, has as many as 500 toxins in its arsenal of self-defense mechanisms, a number of which are being studied for their anti-tumor activity. the centipede, whose bite is poisonous, is a long-used remedy against parkinson?s disease in china, noted for its capacity to halt progress of that disease in many cases. the death-stalker scorpion, on the other hand, possesses a toxin that can transport cancer drugs into the brain, to directly target cancer cells. in fact, almost all significant studies in the field of cancer drug development are from nature. this is not the only example of other non-drug capabilities of natural creatures. hornets can accumulate electrical energy in their saliva, and this is being researched for defense purposes. the gecko, on the other hand, holds itself against even the smoothest of surfaces, by a means known as ?molecular closeness,? in which the cells of the gecko?s paws actually look into spaces between surface molecules. this also is being exploited by defense developers for future wall-walking by special operations soldiers. ? ?nature has come up with elegant and efficient design principles, so we are combining the mantis shrimp?s millions of years of evolution ? nature?s engineering ? with our relatively few years of work with the technology,? said justin marshall of the university of queensland?s brain institute. video cancer scanning devices based on the mantis shrimp?s unique eyes is apparently well underway in development, showing that yet again nature holds remarkable and highly valuable secrets that can aid us in the pursuit of healthier lives.chris kilham is a medicine hunter who researches natural remedies all over the world, from the amazon to siberia. he teaches ethnobotany at the university of massachusetts amherst, where he is explorer in residence. chris advises herbal, cosmetic and pharmaceutical companies and is a regular guest on radio and tv programs worldwide. his field research is largely sponsored by naturex of avignon, france. read more at?medicinehunter.com. advertisement health connect weekly news and features that matter the most to your well-being thank you! your subscription has been submitted. top health centersmore back pain beauty &amp; skin cancer cold and flu depression heart disease digestive health nutrition pain management pregnancy sexual health health video how is ebola contracted and who is at risk? (video - health) dr. manny: we have to attack ebola in west africa directly (video - health) time to ban travel from ebola-affected countries? (video - health) containing ebola: what the us should be doing but isn't (video - health) how is ebola contracted and who is at risk? (video - health) dr. manny: we have to attack ebola in west africa directly (video - health) time to ban travel from ebola-affected countries? (video - health) containing ebola: what the us should be doing but isn't (video - health) recommended by trending in health 1 sick passenger removed from united flight by medical personnel in hazmat suits 2 us ebola patient in critical condition, hospital says 3 utah mom of 6 given 24 hours to live defies odds, returns home 4 6 gluten-free easy whole grain breakfast ideas 5 6 things all parents should know about enterovirus d68 see all trends from around the webus ebola patient in critical condition, hospital saysfox news health7 ways to keep your summer body in the fallfox news healthcrew disinfects home where ebola patient stayedfox news healthcrew disinfects home where ebola patient stayedfox news health advertisement ? sponsored stories you may like once-frozen arctic sea now gets 16-foot waves usa today 6 ways to increase your website traffic outbrain the lowdown on helsinki telecitygroup splicing human dna leads to 'terrible, terrible things' wired once-frozen arctic sea now gets 16-foot waves usa today 6 ways to increase your website traffic outbrain the lowdown on helsinki telecitygroup splicing human dna leads to 'terrible, terrible things' wired recommended by america's election hq see the latest updates on the hottest midterm races from fox news full elections coverage ? also on the web cisco projects the internet of things to be a $14 trillion opportunity - are you ready? (gigya) what is the colour of water? (water stories) 10 signs you are not healthy at all (health for self) spray-on solar may be cheaper and more eco-friendly than the panels on your roof (fast company) what is your icelandic name? (friendly planet) using 1st party data means up to 98% higher ad conversions (gigya) more from fox news guy discovers treasure, guards it by sleeping in car for 3 days (science) 4 teens arrested on suspicion of using golf club to kill 920 chickens at ranch in california (u.s.) katherine heigl's tv crew strips for her sexy scene (entertainment) chevrolet corvette security system device could be illegal to use (leisure) high school football player dies after on-field collision (health) 5-year-old boy's skin 'falls off' after allergic reaction to medication (health) recommended by origin of aids pandemic traced to 1920s kinshasa dallas cowboys will keep c.j. spillman on roster georges st-pierre is making a comeback to the ufc drinking makes male smiles contagious scientists reverse memory loss in alzheimer's patients 14 reasons you're always tired 11 reasons why you're not losing belly fat 26 quick and tasty zucchini recipes 13 delicious twists on classic lunches 5 fat-burning body weight exercises xeljanz: a blessing or a curse for rheumatoid arthritis patients? nbc news cameraman in liberia contracts ebola, will be treated in the us curiosity changes the brain to boost learning and memory up to 100 people monitored for ebola in texas; official 'certain' us can stop the virus surprise! free birth control and sex education slash rates of teen pregnancy and abortion site index sections home video politics u.s. opinion entertainment tech science health travel lifestyle world sports weather on air tools live video trending ureport newsletters alerts blogs mobile podcasts radio fox news store apps &amp; downloads about careers college students fox around the world advertise with us terms of use privacy policy ad choices contact us email newsroom faq media relations follow facebook twitter google+ linkedin rss newsletters fox news back to top this material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. ?2014 fox news network, llc. all rights reserved. all market data delayed 20 minutes. privacy - terms - faq &lt;img src=\"http://metrics.foxnews.com/b/ss/foxnews/1/h22.1--ns/1412462233551?pagename=noscript:health:front:article&amp;g=http://www.foxnews.com/health/2014/10/01/can-mantis-shrimp-help-fight-cancer/\" style=\"display:none;\" width=\"0\" height=\"0\" border=\"0\" alt=\"\"&gt; &lt;img src=\"//secure-us.imrworldwide.com/cgi-bin/m?ci=us-801796h&amp;amp;cg=0&amp;amp;cc=1&amp;amp;si=http://www.foxnews.com/health/2014/10/01/can-mantis-shrimp-help-fight-cancer/&amp;amp;ts=noscript&amp;amp;rnd=1412462233551\" style=\"display:none;\" width=\"0\" height=\"0\" border=\"0\" alt=\"\"&gt; &lt;img src=\"http://b.scorecardresearch.com/p?c1=2&amp;c2=9013181&amp;c3=&amp;c4=http://www.foxnews.com/health/2014/10/01/can-mantis-shrimp-help-fight-cancer/&amp;c5=&amp;c6=&amp;c15=&amp;cv=2.2&amp;cj=1\" style=\"display:none;\" width=\"0\" height=\"0\" border=\"0\" alt=\"\"&gt; resend email verification to sign in you must verify your email address. fill out the form below and we'll send you an email to verify. {* #resendverificationform *} {* resendverification_emailaddress *} {* newpasswordformbutton *} {* /resendverificationform *} please change your display name. your display name is unavailable. {* #postloginform1 *} {*postlogin_displayname *} {* postlogin_acceptbutton *} {* /postloginform1 *} your verification email has been sent check your email for a link to reset your password. sign in account deletion are you sure you want to permanently delete your fox news digital account? you will lose your activity history and email preferences. {* confirmdeactivateform *} {* confirmdeactivatebutton *} {* /confirmdeactivateform *} you did it! your password has been successfully changed. close change your password {* newpasswordform *} {* oldpassword *} {* newpassword *} {* newpasswordconfirm *} i forgot my password {* newpasswordformbutton *} {* /newpasswordform *} member profile don't have an account? create one now {* profilephotocustom *} {* public_displayname *} {* member_since *} {* public_city *} {* public_state *} {* public_country *} {* public_birthdate *} {* public_gender *} {* slider_public *} user stats comments ureports likes shares {* public_shares *} sign in with your existing account ??facebook ??google+ ??twitter ??yahoo ??linkedin ??aol with a fox news account sign up ? {* #userinformationform *} {* traditionalsignin_emailaddress *} {* traditionalsignin_password *} i forgot my password {* traditionalsignin_signinbutton *} {* /userinformationform *} find answers to your questions about the fox news community in our faqs. sign in welcome back, {* welcomename *} (not you?) sign in with your account use another account ? ??{* returnprovider *} privacy policy sign in welcome back, (not you?) sign in with your account use another account ? {* #userinformationform *} {* traditionalsignin_emailaddress *} {* traditionalsignin_password *} {* traditionalsignin_signinbutton *} {* /userinformationform *} privacy policy you're almost done! complete the following form to submit your registration. {* #socialregistrationform *} {* socialregistration_firstname *} {* socialregistration_lastname *} {* socialregistration_displayname *} {* socialregistration_emailaddress *} {* registration_birthday *} terms of service {* agreetoterms *} {* socialregistration_button *} {* /socialregistrationform *} create a fox news account already have an account? sign in ? {* #registrationform *} {* traditionalregistration_firstname *} {* traditionalregistration_lastname *} {* traditionalregistration_displayname *} {* traditionalregistration_emailaddress *} {* traditionalregistration_password *} {* traditionalregistration_passwordconfirm *} {* registration_birthday *} subscribe to fox news email newsletters optional fox news morning headlines fox news top headlines fox business breaking alerts fox news breaking alerts security check {* captcha *} {* agreetoterms *} {* createaccountbutton *} {* /registrationform *} thank you for registering! once you confirm your email address you will be able to access commenting and exclusive content on all the fox news digital websites! verify your email we just sent an email to your account to verify your email address. check your inbox and click on the link to confirm your account. close forgot my password enter your current email address, and we'll send you instructions to create a new password. {* #forgotpasswordform *} {* forgotpassword_emailaddress *} {* forgotpassword_sendbutton *} {* /forgotpasswordform *} forgot my password success! you should receive an email shortly with instructions to change your password. close {* mergeaccounts {\"custom\": true} *} create a fox news account it looks like you've been here before. we already have an account for: {| current_emailaddress |} connect this session with your existing account forgot password? not you? continue creating a new account sign in to complete account merge {* #tradauthenticatemergeform *} {* traditionalsignin_emailaddress *} {* traditionalsignin_password *} {* traditionalsignin_signinbutton *} forgot password? {* /tradauthenticatemergeform *} facebooktwitterlinkedinemailsocial sharing by janrainshare on your timelineshared on your timelinethanks for sharing with your friends on facebook. share with your other networks too!start overx+4editdoneor browse friendsand 0 morex+it appears the url has been modified. restore?0editdonex+it appears the url has been modified. restore?0editdonehttp://www.foxnews.com/health/2014/10/01/can-mantis-shrimp-help-fight-cancer/undefinedconnecting to facebook failed. %tag%view error%gat%shareconnecttweet to your followersprefer a direct message? choose followersshared to twitterdirect message your followersyou can also tweet to all your followerssent to your followersthanks for sharing with your followers on twitter. share with your other networks too!start overselect your followersx+11editdoneclosedoneselected followersx+11editdoneclosedonex+4editdoneor browse followersand 0 morex+it appears the url has been modified. restore?140editdonex+url will be shortened116editdonehttp://www.foxnews.com/health/2014/10/01/can-mantis-shrimp-help-fight-cancer/undefinedconnecting to twitter failed. %tag%view error%gat%shareconnectshare with your connectionsprefer sending a message? choose connectionsshared to linkedinmessage to your connectionsyou can also share with all connectionssent to your connectionsthanks for sharing with your connections on linkedin. share with your other networks too!start overselect your connectionsx+11editdoneclosedoneselected connectionsx+11editdoneclosedonex+4editdoneor browse connectionsand 0 morex+it appears the url has been modified. restore?0editdonex+it appears the url has been modified. restore?0editdonehttp://www.foxnews.com/health/2014/10/01/can-mantis-shrimp-help-fight-cancer/undefinedsign in to your email providerconnecting to linkedin failed. %tag%view error%gat%shareconnectshare with your friends by emailemail sentthanks for sharing with your contacts via email. share with your other networks too!start overselect your contactsx+11editdoneclosedoneselected contactsx+11editdoneclosedonex+30editdoneor browse contactsand 0 morex+it appears the url has been modified. restore?0editdonex+-77editdonehttp://www.foxnews.com/health/2014/10/01/can-mantis-shrimp-help-fight-cancer/undefinedsign in to your email providerconnecting to email failed. %tag%view error%gat%connectconnectgoogleyahoo", "bull": 1}, {"raw_text": "scientists find potential way to treat cold-triggered asthma | fox news search sign in to comment!login fox news home watch live trending video politics politics home midterm elections executive senate house of representatives defense judiciary scandals congress to-do list u.s. u.s. home crime terrorism economy immigration disasters military education environment personal freedoms regions opinion opinion home todd starnes judith miller juan williams kt mcfarland dr. keith ablow karl rove ric grenell entertainment [fox411] home celebrity news movies tv music style [fox411] video tech tech home gadgets google social military tech smartphones video games slideshows science science home archaeology air &amp; space planet earth wild nature natural science dinosaurs slideshows health health home men's health women's health children's health alternative medicine diabetes heart health allergies nutrition &amp; fitness travel travel home slideshows in 5 guides lifestyle lifestyle home auto food &amp; drink real estate recipes wine with me world world home u.n. conflicts terrorism disasters global economy environment religion scandals regions sports sports home football basketball hockey baseball college sports tennis nascar golf more sports stats on air on air home a healthy you &amp; carol alt america's news hq america's newsroom cavuto fox files fox &amp; friends first fox &amp; friends fox &amp; friends weekend fox news sunday geraldo at large greta hannity happening now huckabee justice with judge jeanine #mediabuzz outnumbered red eye w/ gutfeld shepard smith reporting special report specials sunday morning futures with maria bartiromo the cost of freedom the five the journal editorial report the kelly file the o'reilly factor the real story w/ gretchen carlson war stories more from fox news fox news fox business fox news latino fox news go fox news radio fox nation fox news insider fox news fox business fox news latino fox news go fox news radio fox nation fox news insider menu home foxnews.com search health home men's health women's health children's health alternative medicine diabetes heart health allergies health scientists find potential way to treat cold-triggered asthma published october 02, 2014reuters facebook15 twitter15 email print british scientists have identified a sequence of biological events that could trigger life-threatening asthma attacks in people suffering from colds -- a finding that holds the potential for developing more effective medicines. in a study published in the journal science translational medicine, the researchers found that a small molecule, or 'cytokine', called il-25 may play a central role in the effect that viruses causing colds have on people with asthma.advertisementadvertisement according to the world health organization, 235 million people suffer from asthma worldwide and the condition is the most common chronic disease among children. viruses that infect the airways are the most common cause of asthma attacks, accounting for 80 to 90 percent of cases. most of these are rhinoviruses, which are also the main cause of common colds. although illnesses caused by rhinoviruses are usually relatively mild for most people, they can also infect the lungs and, in people with respiratory conditions like asthma, can trigger severe attacks, sometimes leading to hospitalization. \"our research has shown ... that the cells that line the airways of asthmatics are more prone to producing a small molecule called il-25, which then appears to trigger a chain of events that causes attacks,\" said nathan bartlett, an expert at the imperial college london's national heart and lung institute who co-led the study. he said that by finding a drug to target the molecule at the top of the cascade, \"we could potentially discover a much-needed new treatment to control this potentially life-threatening reaction in asthma sufferers\". bartlett explained that the main features of an asthma attack -- including inflamed and obstructed airways and increased mucus -- are part of type-2 immune responses, which are more often seen in allergies and parasitic infections. until now, he said, it has been unclear how a rhinovirus infection can trigger these responses. but this study showed that il-25 is induced by rhinovirus infection and is capable of instigating the production of other type-2 cytokines, creating a 'cascade' that drives the type-2 immune response. the hope is that if scientists can target and block il-25, this will stop the cascade and its consequences. professor sebastian johnston, also of imperial who co-led the work, said existing asthma drugs containing inhaled steroids were highly effective at controlling regular asthma symptoms but that those suffering from a cold during an attack could see a worsening of their symptoms and end up in hospital. he said the new results pointed to potential ways to address this big unmet medical need \"the next steps are to test blocking il-25 in humans and to investigate other possible pathways that could be important in asthma attacks and pool this knowledge to develop effective treatments,\" he said. advertisement health connect weekly news and features that matter the most to your well-being thank you! your subscription has been submitted. top health centersmore back pain beauty &amp; skin cancer cold and flu depression heart disease digestive health nutrition pain management pregnancy sexual health health video how is ebola contracted and who is at risk? (video - health) should air travel from ebola hot zones be restricted? (video - health) family of dallas ebola patient legally quarantined (video - health) dallas officials hold news conference on ebola response (video - health) how is ebola contracted and who is at risk? (video - health) should air travel from ebola hot zones be restricted? (video - health) family of dallas ebola patient legally quarantined (video - health) dallas officials hold news conference on ebola response (video - health) recommended by trending in health 1 sick passenger removed from united flight by medical personnel in hazmat suits 2 us ebola patient in critical condition, hospital says 3 utah mom of 6 given 24 hours to live defies odds, returns home 4 6 gluten-free easy whole grain breakfast ideas 5 6 things all parents should know about enterovirus d68 see all trends from around the webus ebola patient in critical condition, hospital saysfox news health7 ways to keep your summer body in the fallfox news healthcrew disinfects home where ebola patient stayedfox news healthcrew disinfects home where ebola patient stayedfox news health advertisement ? sponsored stories you may like lose the dashes (and 3 other lessons learned from text-to-911 early? motorola solutions the home refinance plan banks don't want you knowing bills.com what?s the difference between melanoma and skin cancer? dana-farber/brigham and women?s cancer center 11 things you should never do again after 50 aarp lose the dashes (and 3 other lessons learned from text-to-911 early? motorola solutions the home refinance plan banks don't want you knowing bills.com what?s the difference between melanoma and skin cancer? dana-farber/brigham and women?s cancer center 11 things you should never do again after 50 aarp recommended by america's election hq see the latest updates on the hottest midterm races from fox news full elections coverage ? origin of aids pandemic traced to 1920s kinshasa dallas cowboys will keep c.j. spillman on roster georges st-pierre is making a comeback to the ufc drinking makes male smiles contagious scientists reverse memory loss in alzheimer's patients 14 reasons you're always tired 11 reasons why you're not losing belly fat 26 quick and tasty zucchini recipes 13 delicious twists on classic lunches 5 fat-burning body weight exercises xeljanz: a blessing or a curse for rheumatoid arthritis patients? nbc news cameraman in liberia contracts ebola, will be treated in the us curiosity changes the brain to boost learning and memory up to 100 people monitored for ebola in texas; official 'certain' us can stop the virus surprise! free birth control and sex education slash rates of teen pregnancy and abortion site index sections home video politics u.s. opinion entertainment tech science health travel lifestyle world sports weather on air tools live video trending ureport newsletters alerts blogs mobile podcasts radio fox news store apps &amp; downloads about careers college students fox around the world advertise with us terms of use privacy policy ad choices contact us email newsroom faq media relations follow facebook twitter google+ linkedin rss newsletters fox news back to top this material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. ?2014 fox news network, llc. all rights reserved. all market data delayed 20 minutes. privacy - terms - faq &lt;img src=\"http://metrics.foxnews.com/b/ss/foxnews/1/h22.1--ns/1412462151715?pagename=noscript:health:front:article&amp;g=http://www.foxnews.com/health/2014/10/02/scientists-find-potential-way-to-treat-cold-triggered-asthma/\" style=\"display:none;\" width=\"0\" height=\"0\" border=\"0\" alt=\"\"&gt; &lt;img src=\"//secure-us.imrworldwide.com/cgi-bin/m?ci=us-801796h&amp;amp;cg=0&amp;amp;cc=1&amp;amp;si=http://www.foxnews.com/health/2014/10/02/scientists-find-potential-way-to-treat-cold-triggered-asthma/&amp;amp;ts=noscript&amp;amp;rnd=1412462151715\" style=\"display:none;\" width=\"0\" height=\"0\" border=\"0\" alt=\"\"&gt; &lt;img src=\"http://b.scorecardresearch.com/p?c1=2&amp;c2=9013181&amp;c3=&amp;c4=http://www.foxnews.com/health/2014/10/02/scientists-find-potential-way-to-treat-cold-triggered-asthma/&amp;c5=&amp;c6=&amp;c15=&amp;cv=2.2&amp;cj=1\" style=\"display:none;\" width=\"0\" height=\"0\" border=\"0\" alt=\"\"&gt; resend email verification to sign in you must verify your email address. fill out the form below and we'll send you an email to verify. {* #resendverificationform *} {* resendverification_emailaddress *} {* newpasswordformbutton *} {* /resendverificationform *} please change your display name. your display name is unavailable. {* #postloginform1 *} {*postlogin_displayname *} {* postlogin_acceptbutton *} {* /postloginform1 *} your verification email has been sent check your email for a link to reset your password. sign in account deletion are you sure you want to permanently delete your fox news digital account? you will lose your activity history and email preferences. {* confirmdeactivateform *} {* confirmdeactivatebutton *} {* /confirmdeactivateform *} you did it! your password has been successfully changed. close change your password {* newpasswordform *} {* oldpassword *} {* newpassword *} {* newpasswordconfirm *} i forgot my password {* newpasswordformbutton *} {* /newpasswordform *} member profile don't have an account? create one now {* profilephotocustom *} {* public_displayname *} {* member_since *} {* public_city *} {* public_state *} {* public_country *} {* public_birthdate *} {* public_gender *} {* slider_public *} user stats comments ureports likes shares {* public_shares *} sign in with your existing account ??facebook ??google+ ??twitter ??yahoo ??linkedin ??aol with a fox news account sign up ? {* #userinformationform *} {* traditionalsignin_emailaddress *} {* traditionalsignin_password *} i forgot my password {* traditionalsignin_signinbutton *} {* /userinformationform *} find answers to your questions about the fox news community in our faqs. sign in welcome back, {* welcomename *} (not you?) sign in with your account use another account ? ??{* returnprovider *} privacy policy sign in welcome back, (not you?) sign in with your account use another account ? {* #userinformationform *} {* traditionalsignin_emailaddress *} {* traditionalsignin_password *} {* traditionalsignin_signinbutton *} {* /userinformationform *} privacy policy you're almost done! complete the following form to submit your registration. {* #socialregistrationform *} {* socialregistration_firstname *} {* socialregistration_lastname *} {* socialregistration_displayname *} {* socialregistration_emailaddress *} {* registration_birthday *} terms of service {* agreetoterms *} {* socialregistration_button *} {* /socialregistrationform *} create a fox news account already have an account? sign in ? {* #registrationform *} {* traditionalregistration_firstname *} {* traditionalregistration_lastname *} {* traditionalregistration_displayname *} {* traditionalregistration_emailaddress *} {* traditionalregistration_password *} {* traditionalregistration_passwordconfirm *} {* registration_birthday *} subscribe to fox news email newsletters optional fox news morning headlines fox news top headlines fox business breaking alerts fox news breaking alerts security check {* captcha *} {* agreetoterms *} {* createaccountbutton *} {* /registrationform *} thank you for registering! once you confirm your email address you will be able to access commenting and exclusive content on all the fox news digital websites! verify your email we just sent an email to your account to verify your email address. check your inbox and click on the link to confirm your account. close forgot my password enter your current email address, and we'll send you instructions to create a new password. {* #forgotpasswordform *} {* forgotpassword_emailaddress *} {* forgotpassword_sendbutton *} {* /forgotpasswordform *} forgot my password success! you should receive an email shortly with instructions to change your password. close {* mergeaccounts {\"custom\": true} *} create a fox news account it looks like you've been here before. we already have an account for: {| current_emailaddress |} connect this session with your existing account forgot password? not you? continue creating a new account sign in to complete account merge {* #tradauthenticatemergeform *} {* traditionalsignin_emailaddress *} {* traditionalsignin_password *} {* traditionalsignin_signinbutton *} forgot password? {* /tradauthenticatemergeform *}", "bull": 1}, {"raw_text": "search sign in to comment!login fox news home watch live trending video politics politics home midterm elections executive senate house of representatives defense judiciary scandals congress to-do list u.s. u.s. home crime terrorism economy immigration disasters military education environment personal freedoms regions opinion opinion home todd starnes judith miller juan williams kt mcfarland dr. keith ablow karl rove ric grenell entertainment [fox411] home celebrity news movies tv music style [fox411] video tech tech home gadgets google social military tech smartphones video games slideshows science science home archaeology air &amp; space planet earth wild nature natural science dinosaurs slideshows health health home men's health women's health children's health alternative medicine diabetes heart health allergies nutrition &amp; fitness travel travel home slideshows in 5 guides lifestyle lifestyle home auto food &amp; drink real estate recipes wine with me world world home u.n. conflicts terrorism disasters global economy environment religion scandals regions sports sports home football basketball hockey baseball college sports tennis nascar golf more sports stats on air on air home a healthy you &amp; carol alt america's news hq america's newsroom cavuto fox files fox &amp; friends first fox &amp; friends fox &amp; friends weekend fox news sunday geraldo at large greta hannity happening now huckabee justice with judge jeanine #mediabuzz outnumbered red eye w/ gutfeld shepard smith reporting special report specials sunday morning futures with maria bartiromo the cost of freedom the five the journal editorial report the kelly file the o'reilly factor the real story w/ gretchen carlson war stories more from fox news fox news fox business fox news latino fox news go fox news radio fox nation fox news insider fox news fox business fox news latino fox news go fox news radio fox nation fox news insider menu home foxnews.com search regions sick passenger removed from united flight by medical personnel in hazmat suits published october 04, 2014foxnews.com facebook908 twitter376 livefyre2138 email print now playing flight detained at newark airport to aid sick passenger at least one passenger exhibiting flu-like symptoms and believed to be from liberia was removed saturday from a united airlines plane at new jersey's newark international airport by medical personnel in hazmat suits.? passengers and crew on board flight 998 were instructed to remain inside the plane while the sick passenger, a 35-year-old man, and a young girl were removed, port authority officials told fox news.?advertisementadvertisement passengers were questioned by the centers for disease control and prevention, while than man and the girl were taken to a local hospital.. united airlines said it is working with authorities to accommodate its passengers. \"the crew reported that a person was vomiting, and that liberians were aboard the plane,\" a law enforcement source told the new york post. \"the person throwing up is believed to be liberian.\" drama on the flight from bru, pax taken off by cdc, we are stuck on the plane, immigration staff now on! pic.twitter.com/fqyieqrapk ? paul chard (@paul_chard63) october 4, 2014 details about the number of ill passengers were not immediately clear, but the issue raised fears since the symptoms described are commonly associated with ebola.? authorities said the plane's crew and its roughly 250 remaining passengers stayed onboard for about 90 minutes before being allowed to leave allowed to leave. united airlines said in a statement the ill passenger was taken to a hospital. the associated press and fox news' bryan llenas contributed to this report. ? sponsored stories you may like how alcohol affects your heart health central don?t touch that ketchup: keep healthy by avoiding these 8 germ havens aarp 25 celebs you didn't know were transgender styleblazer splicing human dna leads to 'terrible, terrible things' wired how alcohol affects your heart health central don?t touch that ketchup: keep healthy by avoiding these 8 germ havens aarp 25 celebs you didn't know were transgender styleblazer splicing human dna leads to 'terrible, terrible things' wired recommended by america's election hq see the latest updates on the hottest midterm races from fox news full elections coverage ? also on the web senate bill to reverse hobby lobby decision doesn't pass (fortune) to age well, walk (the hartford mile) want to add an audi to your at&amp;t plan? it'll be $10 (cnet) an extremely brilliant way to pay off mortgage (bills.com) these are the 10 longest lasting cars on the road (autos cheat sheet) the tax hike that almost nobody noticed (fortune) more from fox news family: pennsylvania infant hit by hunter's stray bullet expected to survive, will be blind (u.s.) 30 years later, a simple flip reveals identity of man killed by semitruck along kentucky road (u.s.) secret service handling of 2011 white house shooting reportedly angered obamas (politics) boy shocked at football game has died, school district announces (u.s.) to eat this 8,000-calorie breakfast, you'll need to sign a waiver (health) 5-year-old boy's skin 'falls off' after allergic reaction to medication (health) recommended by watch now... charles krauthammer on major opinion shift in isis polling (video - politics) bush opens up on obama's handling of iraq, isis (video - politics) outburst becomes a factor in illinois house race (video - politics) charles krauthammer on major opinion shift in isis polling (video - politics) bush opens up on obama's handling of iraq, isis (video - politics) outburst becomes a factor in illinois house race (video - politics) origin of aids pandemic traced to 1920s kinshasa dallas cowboys will keep c.j. spillman on roster georges st-pierre is making a comeback to the ufc drinking makes male smiles contagious scientists reverse memory loss in alzheimer's patients 14 reasons you're always tired 11 reasons why you're not losing belly fat 26 quick and tasty zucchini recipes 13 delicious twists on classic lunches 5 fat-burning body weight exercises xeljanz: a blessing or a curse for rheumatoid arthritis patients? nbc news cameraman in liberia contracts ebola, will be treated in the us curiosity changes the brain to boost learning and memory up to 100 people monitored for ebola in texas; official 'certain' us can stop the virus surprise! free birth control and sex education slash rates of teen pregnancy and abortion site index sections home video politics u.s. opinion entertainment tech science health travel lifestyle world sports weather on air tools live video trending ureport newsletters alerts blogs mobile podcasts radio fox news store apps &amp; downloads about careers college students fox around the world advertise with us terms of use privacy policy ad choices contact us email newsroom faq media relations follow facebook twitter google+ linkedin rss newsletters fox news back to top this material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. ?2014 fox news network, llc. all rights reserved. all market data delayed 20 minutes. privacy - terms - faq &lt;img src=\"http://metrics.foxnews.com/b/ss/foxnews/1/h22.1--ns/1412461859552?pagename=noscript:us:subsection:article&amp;g=http://www.foxnews.com/health/2014/10/04/sick-passenger-removed-from-united-flight-by-medical-personnel-in-hazmat-suits/\" style=\"display:none;\" width=\"0\" height=\"0\" border=\"0\" alt=\"\"&gt; &lt;img src=\"//secure-us.imrworldwide.com/cgi-bin/m?ci=us-801796h&amp;amp;cg=0&amp;amp;cc=1&amp;amp;si=http://www.foxnews.com/health/2014/10/04/sick-passenger-removed-from-united-flight-by-medical-personnel-in-hazmat-suits/&amp;amp;ts=noscript&amp;amp;rnd=1412461859552\" style=\"display:none;\" width=\"0\" height=\"0\" border=\"0\" alt=\"\"&gt; &lt;img src=\"http://b.scorecardresearch.com/p?c1=2&amp;c2=9013181&amp;c3=&amp;c4=http://www.foxnews.com/health/2014/10/04/sick-passenger-removed-from-united-flight-by-medical-personnel-in-hazmat-suits/&amp;c5=&amp;c6=&amp;c15=&amp;cv=2.2&amp;cj=1\" style=\"display:none;\" width=\"0\" height=\"0\" border=\"0\" alt=\"\"&gt; resend email verification to sign in you must verify your email address. fill out the form below and we'll send you an email to verify. {* #resendverificationform *} {* resendverification_emailaddress *} {* newpasswordformbutton *} {* /resendverificationform *} please change your display name. your display name is unavailable. {* #postloginform1 *} {*postlogin_displayname *} {* postlogin_acceptbutton *} {* /postloginform1 *} your verification email has been sent check your email for a link to reset your password. sign in account deletion are you sure you want to permanently delete your fox news digital account? you will lose your activity history and email preferences. {* confirmdeactivateform *} {* confirmdeactivatebutton *} {* /confirmdeactivateform *} you did it! your password has been successfully changed. close change your password {* newpasswordform *} {* oldpassword *} {* newpassword *} {* newpasswordconfirm *} i forgot my password {* newpasswordformbutton *} {* /newpasswordform *} member profile don't have an account? create one now {* profilephotocustom *} {* public_displayname *} {* member_since *} {* public_city *} {* public_state *} {* public_country *} {* public_birthdate *} {* public_gender *} {* slider_public *} user stats comments ureports likes shares {* public_shares *} sign in with your existing account ??facebook ??google+ ??twitter ??yahoo ??linkedin ??aol with a fox news account sign up ? {* #userinformationform *} {* traditionalsignin_emailaddress *} {* traditionalsignin_password *} i forgot my password {* traditionalsignin_signinbutton *} {* /userinformationform *} find answers to your questions about the fox news community in our faqs. sign in welcome back, {* welcomename *} (not you?) sign in with your account use another account ? ??{* returnprovider *} privacy policy sign in welcome back, (not you?) sign in with your account use another account ? {* #userinformationform *} {* traditionalsignin_emailaddress *} {* traditionalsignin_password *} {* traditionalsignin_signinbutton *} {* /userinformationform *} privacy policy you're almost done! complete the following form to submit your registration. {* #socialregistrationform *} {* socialregistration_firstname *} {* socialregistration_lastname *} {* socialregistration_displayname *} {* socialregistration_emailaddress *} {* registration_birthday *} terms of service {* agreetoterms *} {* socialregistration_button *} {* /socialregistrationform *} create a fox news account already have an account? sign in ? {* #registrationform *} {* traditionalregistration_firstname *} {* traditionalregistration_lastname *} {* traditionalregistration_displayname *} {* traditionalregistration_emailaddress *} {* traditionalregistration_password *} {* traditionalregistration_passwordconfirm *} {* registration_birthday *} subscribe to fox news email newsletters optional fox news morning headlines fox news top headlines fox business breaking alerts fox news breaking alerts security check {* captcha *} {* agreetoterms *} {* createaccountbutton *} {* /registrationform *} thank you for registering! once you confirm your email address you will be able to access commenting and exclusive content on all the fox news digital websites! verify your email we just sent an email to your account to verify your email address. check your inbox and click on the link to confirm your account. close forgot my password enter your current email address, and we'll send you instructions to create a new password. {* #forgotpasswordform *} {* forgotpassword_emailaddress *} {* forgotpassword_sendbutton *} {* /forgotpasswordform *} forgot my password success! you should receive an email shortly with instructions to change your password. close {* mergeaccounts {\"custom\": true} *} create a fox news account it looks like you've been here before. we already have an account for: {| current_emailaddress |} connect this session with your existing account forgot password? not you? continue creating a new account sign in to complete account merge {* #tradauthenticatemergeform *} {* traditionalsignin_emailaddress *} {* traditionalsignin_password *} {* traditionalsignin_signinbutton *} forgot password? {* /tradauthenticatemergeform *}", "bull": 1}, {"raw_text": "cancer is a bipartisan disease | fox news search sign in to comment!login fox news home watch live trending video politics politics home midterm elections executive senate house of representatives defense judiciary scandals congress to-do list u.s. u.s. home crime terrorism economy immigration disasters military education environment personal freedoms regions opinion opinion home todd starnes judith miller juan williams kt mcfarland dr. keith ablow karl rove ric grenell entertainment [fox411] home celebrity news movies tv music style [fox411] video tech tech home gadgets google social military tech smartphones video games slideshows science science home archaeology air &amp; space planet earth wild nature natural science dinosaurs slideshows health health home men's health women's health children's health alternative medicine diabetes heart health allergies nutrition &amp; fitness travel travel home slideshows in 5 guides lifestyle lifestyle home auto food &amp; drink real estate recipes wine with me world world home u.n. conflicts terrorism disasters global economy environment religion scandals regions sports sports home football basketball hockey baseball college sports tennis nascar golf more sports stats on air on air home a healthy you &amp; carol alt america's news hq america's newsroom cavuto fox files fox &amp; friends first fox &amp; friends fox &amp; friends weekend fox news sunday geraldo at large greta hannity happening now huckabee justice with judge jeanine #mediabuzz outnumbered red eye w/ gutfeld shepard smith reporting special report specials sunday morning futures with maria bartiromo the cost of freedom the five the journal editorial report the kelly file the o'reilly factor the real story w/ gretchen carlson war stories more from fox news fox news fox business fox news latino fox news go fox news radio fox nation fox news insider fox news fox business fox news latino fox news go fox news radio fox nation fox news insider login menu home foxnews.com search health home men's health women's health children's health alternative medicine diabetes heart health allergies staring down cancer cancer is a bipartisan disease by noreen fraserpublished september 25, 2014foxnews.com facebook2 twitter1 livefyre1 email print i was invited last week to attend the women's leadership forum 21st annual national issues conference in washington, d.c.?? the speakers included the president, first lady, vice president, dr. jill biden and hillary clinton.? each of the aforementioned spoke from their perspective on what it takes to be a successful leader. i know many of you of the opposite persuasion are feeling the hair rise on the back of your neck, but please, when i talk about leadership and leaders in the fight against women's cancers, this is a bipartisan issue.? anyone can get cancer.advertisementadvertisement not all of those afflicted with disease choose to lead and make a difference for those who are suffering.? what i learned is that leadership has nothing to do with dollars and titles.? motive, passion and spontaneity make a leader.? passion without purpose is hot air. ?your motive has to be authentic and spontaneity means you can think on your feet, and make tough decisions on the spot.? if you have these qualities, more than likely, people will see that they can trust you. once they trust you, they will follow you and your cause. i have been trying to reflect on my effectiveness as a leader, and my ability to have people trust that i know the best and smartest way to attack cancer.? waiting for, or even thinking there will ever be a cure, i believe is a waste of time. the smartest and most successful approach is to put your money into women's cancer research.? the development of new drugs that are non-toxic (unlike chemo) is where it?s at.? drugs that will turn cancer in to a chronic disease that we can live with and not die from. so, am i a leader?? have i been able to get people to trust me, and to trust that i have studied and lived with cancer long enough to be able to lead our community to understand that their money needs to go to research?? i don't care to whom anyone donates their money, but if you're going to give, make sure it?s with intent and purpose.? we all work hard, and in our work, we make decisions every day.?? we put thought into those decisions, so let?s start putting thought into where we are assigning our charitable donations.? don't write a check to get the monkey off your back, and make you feel you?ve done good.? put time into that decision, and make that money work for you, in your quest to find answers for living with cancer. i've been living with incurable metastatic cancer for 13 years.? i am alive because of drugs that have stopped the growth of the metastases in my liver.? notice ?drugs? is plural.? cancer is smart.? it eventually works its way around and continues to grow.? the patient then moves to another drug, usually chemo, and the cycle continues on and on. however, i have seen the horror of a woman on the last chemo available for her.? if that chemo doesn't work, she dies.? you can see that as a patient, we never want to get to the very last drug. thank you, all of you, who care enough to make a difference in my life and in the lives of all women with cancer.noreen fraser is living with stage iv metastatic breast cancer. she is the founder and ceo of the noreen fraser foundation, a 501(c)(3) non-profit organization dedicated to funding groundbreaking women's cancer research.?to stay in touch with noreen, please 'like' the noreen fraser foundation on facebook and follow her on twitter. ?noreen can be contacted via email at noreen@noreenfraserfoundation.org. advertisement health connect weekly news and features that matter the most to your well-being thank you! your subscription has been submitted. top health centersmore back pain beauty &amp; skin cancer cold and flu depression heart disease digestive health nutrition pain management pregnancy sexual health health video deirdre imus reacts to ebola diagnosis in us (video - health) viagra targets women in new ad campaign (video - health) dallas officials hold news conference on ebola response (video - health) ebola fact vs. fiction (video - health) deirdre imus reacts to ebola diagnosis in us (video - health) viagra targets women in new ad campaign (video - health) dallas officials hold news conference on ebola response (video - health) ebola fact vs. fiction (video - health) recommended by trending in health 1 sick passenger removed from united flight by medical personnel in hazmat suits 2 us ebola patient in critical condition, hospital says 3 utah mom of 6 given 24 hours to live defies odds, returns home 4 6 gluten-free easy whole grain breakfast ideas 5 6 things all parents should know about enterovirus d68 see all trends from around the webus ebola patient in critical condition, hospital saysfox news health7 ways to keep your summer body in the fallfox news healthcrew disinfects home where ebola patient stayedfox news healthcrew disinfects home where ebola patient stayedfox news health advertisement ? sponsored stories you may like cancer immunotherapy named ?breakthrough of the year? dana-farber/brigham and women?s cancer center the tax hike that almost nobody noticed fortune splicing human dna leads to 'terrible, terrible things' wired normal forgetfulness or early signs of dementia ? take the memory quiz and? aarp cancer immunotherapy named ?breakthrough of the year? dana-farber/brigham and women?s cancer center the tax hike that almost nobody noticed fortune splicing human dna leads to 'terrible, terrible things' wired normal forgetfulness or early signs of dementia ? take the memory quiz and? aarp recommended by america's election hq see the latest updates on the hottest midterm races from fox news full elections coverage ? also on the web what?s the difference between melanoma and skin cancer? (dana-farber/brigham and women?s cancer center) 7 meds that can wreck your love life (aarp) an extremely brilliant way to pay off your mortgage (bills.com) esophageal cancer: five things you need to know (dana-farber/brigham and women?s cancer center) what?s the most common brain disorder? revealing chart may surprise you (health central) girl almost dies with lyme disease, new study explains why (shea medical) more from fox news glen campbell sued over film documenting his alzheimer?s fight (entertainment) officials monitoring second possible ebola patient in the u.s. (health) the new form of infidelity (health) jason aldean engaged to american idol alum brittany kerr (entertainment) irs decides iowan is not authorized to speak on his own behalf (politics) 5-year-old boy's skin 'falls off' after allergic reaction to medication (health) recommended by watch now... 'airplane repo' star battles ex-nfl players, shovels (video - entertainment) bethenny frankel warned: stop wearing daughter?s pajamas (video - entertainment) does adam levine?s video make stalking look sexy? (video - entertainment) 'airplane repo' star battles ex-nfl players, shovels (video - entertainment) bethenny frankel warned: stop wearing daughter?s pajamas (video - entertainment) does adam levine?s video make stalking look sexy? (video - entertainment) origin of aids pandemic traced to 1920s kinshasa dallas cowboys will keep c.j. spillman on roster georges st-pierre is making a comeback to the ufc drinking makes male smiles contagious scientists reverse memory loss in alzheimer's patients 14 reasons you're always tired 11 reasons why you're not losing belly fat 26 quick and tasty zucchini recipes 13 delicious twists on classic lunches 5 fat-burning body weight exercises xeljanz: a blessing or a curse for rheumatoid arthritis patients? nbc news cameraman in liberia contracts ebola, will be treated in the us curiosity changes the brain to boost learning and memory up to 100 people monitored for ebola in texas; official 'certain' us can stop the virus surprise! free birth control and sex education slash rates of teen pregnancy and abortion site index sections home video politics u.s. opinion entertainment tech science health travel lifestyle world sports weather on air tools live video trending ureport newsletters alerts blogs mobile podcasts radio fox news store apps &amp; downloads about careers college students fox around the world advertise with us terms of use privacy policy ad choices contact us email newsroom faq media relations follow facebook twitter google+ linkedin rss newsletters fox news back to top this material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. ?2014 fox news network, llc. all rights reserved. all market data delayed 20 minutes. privacy - terms - faq &lt;img src=\"http://metrics.foxnews.com/b/ss/foxnews/1/h22.1--ns/1412462245981?pagename=noscript:health:subsection:article&amp;g=http://www.foxnews.com/health/2014/09/25/cancer-is-bipartisan-disease/\" style=\"display:none;\" width=\"0\" height=\"0\" border=\"0\" alt=\"\"&gt; &lt;img src=\"//secure-us.imrworldwide.com/cgi-bin/m?ci=us-801796h&amp;amp;cg=0&amp;amp;cc=1&amp;amp;si=http://www.foxnews.com/health/2014/09/25/cancer-is-bipartisan-disease/&amp;amp;ts=noscript&amp;amp;rnd=1412462245981\" style=\"display:none;\" width=\"0\" height=\"0\" border=\"0\" alt=\"\"&gt; &lt;img src=\"http://b.scorecardresearch.com/p?c1=2&amp;c2=9013181&amp;c3=&amp;c4=http://www.foxnews.com/health/2014/09/25/cancer-is-bipartisan-disease/&amp;c5=&amp;c6=&amp;c15=&amp;cv=2.2&amp;cj=1\" style=\"display:none;\" width=\"0\" height=\"0\" border=\"0\" alt=\"\"&gt; resend email verification to sign in you must verify your email address. fill out the form below and we'll send you an email to verify. {* #resendverificationform *} {* resendverification_emailaddress *} {* newpasswordformbutton *} {* /resendverificationform *} please change your display name. your display name is unavailable. {* #postloginform1 *} {*postlogin_displayname *} {* postlogin_acceptbutton *} {* /postloginform1 *} your verification email has been sent check your email for a link to reset your password. sign in account deletion are you sure you want to permanently delete your fox news digital account? you will lose your activity history and email preferences. {* confirmdeactivateform *} {* confirmdeactivatebutton *} {* /confirmdeactivateform *} you did it! your password has been successfully changed. close change your password {* newpasswordform *} {* oldpassword *} {* newpassword *} {* newpasswordconfirm *} i forgot my password {* newpasswordformbutton *} {* /newpasswordform *} member profile don't have an account? create one now {* profilephotocustom *} {* public_displayname *} {* member_since *} {* public_city *} {* public_state *} {* public_country *} {* public_birthdate *} {* public_gender *} {* slider_public *} user stats comments ureports likes shares {* public_shares *} sign in welcome back, {* welcomename *} (not you?) sign in with your account use another account ? ??{* returnprovider *} privacy policy sign in welcome back, (not you?) sign in with your account use another account ? {* #userinformationform *} {* traditionalsignin_emailaddress *} {* traditionalsignin_password *} {* traditionalsignin_signinbutton *} {* /userinformationform *} privacy policy you're almost done! complete the following form to submit your registration. {* #socialregistrationform *} {* socialregistration_firstname *} {* socialregistration_lastname *} {* socialregistration_displayname *} {* socialregistration_emailaddress *} {* registration_birthday *} terms of service {* agreetoterms *} {* socialregistration_button *} {* /socialregistrationform *} create a fox news account already have an account? sign in ? {* #registrationform *} {* traditionalregistration_firstname *} {* traditionalregistration_lastname *} {* traditionalregistration_displayname *} {* traditionalregistration_emailaddress *} {* traditionalregistration_password *} {* traditionalregistration_passwordconfirm *} {* registration_birthday *} subscribe to fox news email newsletters optional fox news morning headlines fox news top headlines fox business breaking alerts fox news breaking alerts security check {* captcha *} {* agreetoterms *} {* createaccountbutton *} {* /registrationform *} thank you for registering! once you confirm your email address you will be able to access commenting and exclusive content on all the fox news digital websites! verify your email we just sent an email to your account to verify your email address. check your inbox and click on the link to confirm your account. close forgot my password enter your current email address, and we'll send you instructions to create a new password. {* #forgotpasswordform *} {* forgotpassword_emailaddress *} {* forgotpassword_sendbutton *} {* /forgotpasswordform *} forgot my password success! you should receive an email shortly with instructions to change your password. close {* mergeaccounts {\"custom\": true} *} create a fox news account it looks like you've been here before. we already have an account for: {| current_emailaddress |} connect this session with your existing account forgot password? not you? continue creating a new account sign in to complete account merge {* #tradauthenticatemergeform *} {* traditionalsignin_emailaddress *} {* traditionalsignin_password *} {* traditionalsignin_signinbutton *} forgot password? {* /tradauthenticatemergeform *} facebooktwitterlinkedinemailsocial sharing by janrainshare on your timelineshared on your timelinethanks for sharing with your friends on facebook. share with your other networks too!start overx+4editdoneor browse friendsand 0 morex+it appears the url has been modified. restore?0editdonex+it appears the url has been modified. restore?0editdonehttp://www.foxnews.com/health/2014/09/25/cancer-is-bipartisan-disease/?intcmp=health_hcuundefinedconnecting to facebook failed. %tag%view error%gat%shareconnecttweet to your followersprefer a direct message? choose followersshared to twitterdirect message your followersyou can also tweet to all your followerssent to your followersthanks for sharing with your followers on twitter. share with your other networks too!start overselect your followersx+11editdoneclosedoneselected followersx+11editdoneclosedonex+4editdoneor browse followersand 0 morex+it appears the url has been modified. restore?140editdonex+url will be shortened98editdonehttp://www.foxnews.com/health/2014/09/25/cancer-is-bipartisan-disease/?intcmp=health_hcuundefinedconnecting to twitter failed. %tag%view error%gat%shareconnectshare with your connectionsprefer sending a message? choose connectionsshared to linkedinmessage to your connectionsyou can also share with all connectionssent to your connectionsthanks for sharing with your connections on linkedin. share with your other networks too!start overselect your connectionsx+11editdoneclosedoneselected connectionsx+11editdoneclosedonex+4editdoneor browse connectionsand 0 morex+it appears the url has been modified. restore?0editdonex+it appears the url has been modified. restore?0editdonehttp://www.foxnews.com/health/2014/09/25/cancer-is-bipartisan-disease/?intcmp=health_hcuundefinedsign in to your email providerconnecting to linkedin failed. %tag%view error%gat%shareconnectshare with your friends by emailemail sentthanks for sharing with your contacts via email. share with your other networks too!start overselect your contactsx+11editdoneclosedoneselected contactsx+11editdoneclosedonex+30editdoneor browse contactsand 0 morex+it appears the url has been modified. restore?0editdonex+-88editdonehttp://www.foxnews.com/health/2014/09/25/cancer-is-bipartisan-disease/?intcmp=health_hcuundefinedsign in to your email providerconnecting to email failed. %tag%view error%gat%connectconnectgoogleyahoo sign in with your existing account ??facebook ??google+ ??twitter ??yahoo ??linkedin ??aol with a fox news account sign up ? email addressvalidating validating i forgot my password find answers to your questions about the fox news community in our faqs.", "bull": 1}, {"raw_text": "7 ways to keep your summer body in the fall | fox news search sign in to comment!login fox news home watch live trending video politics politics home midterm elections executive senate house of representatives defense judiciary scandals congress to-do list u.s. u.s. home crime terrorism economy immigration disasters military education environment personal freedoms regions opinion opinion home todd starnes judith miller juan williams kt mcfarland dr. keith ablow karl rove ric grenell entertainment [fox411] home celebrity news movies tv music style [fox411] video tech tech home gadgets google social military tech smartphones video games slideshows science science home archaeology air &amp; space planet earth wild nature natural science dinosaurs slideshows health health home men's health women's health children's health alternative medicine diabetes heart health allergies nutrition &amp; fitness travel travel home slideshows in 5 guides lifestyle lifestyle home auto food &amp; drink real estate recipes wine with me world world home u.n. conflicts terrorism disasters global economy environment religion scandals regions sports sports home football basketball hockey baseball college sports tennis nascar golf more sports stats on air on air home a healthy you &amp; carol alt america's news hq america's newsroom cavuto fox files fox &amp; friends first fox &amp; friends fox &amp; friends weekend fox news sunday geraldo at large greta hannity happening now huckabee justice with judge jeanine #mediabuzz outnumbered red eye w/ gutfeld shepard smith reporting special report specials sunday morning futures with maria bartiromo the cost of freedom the five the journal editorial report the kelly file the o'reilly factor the real story w/ gretchen carlson war stories more from fox news fox news fox business fox news latino fox news go fox news radio fox nation fox news insider fox news fox business fox news latino fox news go fox news radio fox nation fox news insider login menu home foxnews.com search health home men's health women's health children's health alternative medicine diabetes heart health allergies weight loss 7 ways to keep your summer body in the fall by jennifer cohenpublished october 04, 2014 facebook13 twitter72 email print fall is upon us, the season where the days become shorter and the weather becomes cooler. but just because those temperatures are dropping doesn?t mean your activity level has to. instead of letting your body go into an exercise hiatus (leading straight to a holiday food binge), take some time to game plan your fall routine. before you blink, it will be new year?s eve again and you?ll be vowing to get back to the summer body you might have had all along. so, don?t stop now! be proactive and use these 7 ideas to help keep you from ?fall?ing off the workout wagon in the months ahead. keep your summer wardrobe we all need a little motivation to keep us going. the best way to accomplish that in the fall is to keep that summer wardrobe for as long as possible. when the weather does start to cool off, try to avoid baggy clothing and too many unnecessary layers. instead stick to tighter, more form fitted clothing. if you (and other people) can see your shape on a regular basis you?ll be more inclined to maintain it. also, treat yourself to new gear when you?re feeling good. when you reward yourself, your brain will associate your hard work with positive reinforcement. so, go ahead and splurge on those yoga pants you?ve been eyeing (and then go to yoga!).advertisementadvertisement related: lose 10 inches in 10 days? sign up for a mud run need a little healthy competition in your life? like mud? sign up for a mud run or obstacle course in your area. signing up means setting a goal and committing to it. it?s harder to back out when you have a date set on the calendar and people counting on you to be there. also, it?s a great way to show yourself how strong you are. mudderella is all about that?taking pride in your personal strength and only looking to improve by your own standards. it is female empowerment to the max and one of those milestones that will push you to be better and motivate you to keep going even after it?s over. it?s about staying healthy, challenging yourself, and getting your hands ?a little? dirty every once in a while. visit mudderella.com for more info. related: 10 weight loss mistakes everyone makes? get schooled once the kids go back to school, it can be harder to find the time to work out between drop offs and soccer practice, etc. on those days, instead of opting out of your workout altogether, try fitting in at least some sort of physical activity. walk or ride bikes with your kids to school instead of driving them if you live within walking distance. stay a few minutes after practice to play catch one night. no, it?s not going to be the most intense workout of your life. but we?re talking about maintenance here, people; something is still better than nothing, always! don?t throw away the whole day just because you can?t get to the gym or a class. it?s a lifestyle. related: 18 habits of the happiest families? try a turkey trot the average american will consume about 3,000 calories during their thanksgiving feast (give or take a piece of grandma?s pumpkin pie). to avoid the post-turkey dinner regret, sign up for a local ?turkey trot? race and get that metabolism fired up before the bird even goes into the oven. also, most of them are put on by local or national charities that provide needy families with thanksgiving meals. what could be more rewarding both physically and emotionally than donating to a good cause while simultaneously burning 600+ calories dressed in a turkey hat? the answer is nothing. check online to find a turkey trot near you. download a new workout app for those who live in places where seasons are a factor (i.e. everywhere but southern california), you might need to get a little more creative with your workout routine. don?t let staying inside be an excuse to skimp on your workout. there are plenty of fitness apps to choose from that allow you to customize your workout to your specific needs. by keeping track of your workouts, they bring the accountability of a trainer to the comfort of your own living room. plus, because our smart phones are always close by, you have no excuse not to fit it in, no matter where you are. i like the ?hot 5? app because they?re quick five-minute workout bursts that can be used to add on to your own workout or as your entire fitness regime. from beginner to expert, there?s something for everyone. plus, they?re only five minutes. and who doesn?t have that? get creative at the pumpkin patch go beyond just the picking. aside from all the obvious walking/running around the field with the kids, a pumpkin patch is a great place to try out your fitness creativity. for example, grab a small to medium sized pumpkin and use it like a kettlebell to perform some ?pumpkin swings.? or, while walking through a corn maze or trail, wander over to a hay bale and do some step ups to get that heart rate up. try doing as many as you can for one minute, rest, and then repeat. happy hunting! related: 17 delicious pumpkin recipes? join a sports team since when did joining a sports team become an activity only for kids? why not join an adult softball or kickball league in your area? do it alone, or with a friend/spouse. either way, it?s a great way to meet other people with similar interests while simultaneously keeping your body guessing by introducing it to something new. the gym can get so mundane sometimes; don?t get caught up in the same routine. plus, life shouldn?t be lived only inside. so, go out and enjoy! this article originally appeared on health.com.? advertisement health connect weekly news and features that matter the most to your well-being thank you! your subscription has been submitted. top health centersmore back pain beauty &amp; skin cancer cold and flu depression heart disease digestive health nutrition pain management pregnancy sexual health health video viagra targets women in new ad campaign (video - health) what happens during carpal tunnel release surgery? (video - health) questions raised about response to ebola case in us (video - health) dallas officials hold news conference on ebola response (video - health) viagra targets women in new ad campaign (video - health) what happens during carpal tunnel release surgery? (video - health) questions raised about response to ebola case in us (video - health) dallas officials hold news conference on ebola response (video - health) recommended by trending in health 1 sick passenger removed from united flight by medical personnel in hazmat suits 2 us ebola patient in critical condition, hospital says 3 utah mom of 6 given 24 hours to live defies odds, returns home 4 6 gluten-free easy whole grain breakfast ideas 5 6 things all parents should know about enterovirus d68 see all trends from around the webus ebola patient in critical condition, hospital saysfox news health7 ways to keep your summer body in the fallfox news healthcrew disinfects home where ebola patient stayedfox news healthcrew disinfects home where ebola patient stayedfox news health advertisement ? sponsored stories you may like how to get flat abs lululemon to age well, walk the hartford mile normal forgetfulness vs. early signs of dementia ? take the memory quiz aarp dermatologists reveal a skincare mistake we're constantly making popdust how to get flat abs lululemon to age well, walk the hartford mile normal forgetfulness vs. early signs of dementia ? take the memory quiz aarp dermatologists reveal a skincare mistake we're constantly making popdust recommended by america's election hq see the latest updates on the hottest midterm races from fox news full elections coverage ? also on the web copycat faves: restaurant recipes revealed! (food.com) esophageal cancer: five things you need to know (dana-farber/brigham and women?s cancer center) work it out: a 10 stretch routine (the hartford mile) splicing human dna leads to 'terrible, terrible things' (wired) what?s the difference between melanoma and skin cancer? (dana-farber/brigham and women?s cancer center) 4 ways to boost your muscle growth (g6 sports nutrition) more from fox news sick passenger removed from united flight by medical personnel in hazmat suits (u.s.) 'he gave me a big hug,' fearful daughter of dallas ebola patient's girlfriend says (u.s.) starbucks denies pregnant woman use of bathroom (leisure) dozens of possible jurors rejected in jodi arias penalty retrial (u.s.) to eat this 8,000-calorie breakfast, you'll need to sign a waiver (health) doctors remove 9-pound hairball from teen?s stomach (health) recommended by watch now... school bans girls from wearing yoga pants and leggings (video - us) are women the best chance to knock out prostate cancer? (video - health) video emerges of isis beheading british hostage alan henning (video - world) school bans girls from wearing yoga pants and leggings (video - us) are women the best chance to knock out prostate cancer? (video - health) video emerges of isis beheading british hostage alan henning (video - world) origin of aids pandemic traced to 1920s kinshasa dallas cowboys will keep c.j. spillman on roster georges st-pierre is making a comeback to the ufc drinking makes male smiles contagious scientists reverse memory loss in alzheimer's patients 14 reasons you're always tired 11 reasons why you're not losing belly fat 26 quick and tasty zucchini recipes 13 delicious twists on classic lunches 5 fat-burning body weight exercises xeljanz: a blessing or a curse for rheumatoid arthritis patients? nbc news cameraman in liberia contracts ebola, will be treated in the us curiosity changes the brain to boost learning and memory up to 100 people monitored for ebola in texas; official 'certain' us can stop the virus surprise! free birth control and sex education slash rates of teen pregnancy and abortion site index sections home video politics u.s. opinion entertainment tech science health travel lifestyle world sports weather on air tools live video trending ureport newsletters alerts blogs mobile podcasts radio fox news store apps &amp; downloads about careers college students fox around the world advertise with us terms of use privacy policy ad choices contact us email newsroom faq media relations follow facebook twitter google+ linkedin rss newsletters fox news back to top this material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. ?2014 fox news network, llc. all rights reserved. all market data delayed 20 minutes. privacy - terms - faq &lt;img src=\"http://metrics.foxnews.com/b/ss/foxnews/1/h22.1--ns/1412461877136?pagename=noscript:health:column:article&amp;g=http://www.foxnews.com/health/2014/10/04/7-ways-to-keep-your-summer-body-in-fall-162316894/\" style=\"display:none;\" width=\"0\" height=\"0\" border=\"0\" alt=\"\"&gt; &lt;img src=\"//secure-us.imrworldwide.com/cgi-bin/m?ci=us-801796h&amp;amp;cg=0&amp;amp;cc=1&amp;amp;si=http://www.foxnews.com/health/2014/10/04/7-ways-to-keep-your-summer-body-in-fall-162316894/&amp;amp;ts=noscript&amp;amp;rnd=1412461877136\" style=\"display:none;\" width=\"0\" height=\"0\" border=\"0\" alt=\"\"&gt; &lt;img src=\"http://b.scorecardresearch.com/p?c1=2&amp;c2=9013181&amp;c3=&amp;c4=http://www.foxnews.com/health/2014/10/04/7-ways-to-keep-your-summer-body-in-fall-162316894/&amp;c5=&amp;c6=&amp;c15=&amp;cv=2.2&amp;cj=1\" style=\"display:none;\" width=\"0\" height=\"0\" border=\"0\" alt=\"\"&gt; resend email verification to sign in you must verify your email address. fill out the form below and we'll send you an email to verify. {* #resendverificationform *} {* resendverification_emailaddress *} {* newpasswordformbutton *} {* /resendverificationform *} please change your display name. your display name is unavailable. {* #postloginform1 *} {*postlogin_displayname *} {* postlogin_acceptbutton *} {* /postloginform1 *} your verification email has been sent check your email for a link to reset your password. sign in account deletion are you sure you want to permanently delete your fox news digital account? you will lose your activity history and email preferences. {* confirmdeactivateform *} {* confirmdeactivatebutton *} {* /confirmdeactivateform *} you did it! your password has been successfully changed. close change your password {* newpasswordform *} {* oldpassword *} {* newpassword *} {* newpasswordconfirm *} i forgot my password {* newpasswordformbutton *} {* /newpasswordform *} member profile don't have an account? create one now {* profilephotocustom *} {* public_displayname *} {* member_since *} {* public_city *} {* public_state *} {* public_country *} {* public_birthdate *} {* public_gender *} {* slider_public *} user stats comments ureports likes shares {* public_shares *} sign in welcome back, {* welcomename *} (not you?) sign in with your account use another account ? ??{* returnprovider *} privacy policy sign in welcome back, (not you?) sign in with your account use another account ? {* #userinformationform *} {* traditionalsignin_emailaddress *} {* traditionalsignin_password *} {* traditionalsignin_signinbutton *} {* /userinformationform *} privacy policy you're almost done! complete the following form to submit your registration. {* #socialregistrationform *} {* socialregistration_firstname *} {* socialregistration_lastname *} {* socialregistration_displayname *} {* socialregistration_emailaddress *} {* registration_birthday *} terms of service {* agreetoterms *} {* socialregistration_button *} {* /socialregistrationform *} create a fox news account already have an account? sign in ? {* #registrationform *} {* traditionalregistration_firstname *} {* traditionalregistration_lastname *} {* traditionalregistration_displayname *} {* traditionalregistration_emailaddress *} {* traditionalregistration_password *} {* traditionalregistration_passwordconfirm *} {* registration_birthday *} subscribe to fox news email newsletters optional fox news morning headlines fox news top headlines fox business breaking alerts fox news breaking alerts security check {* captcha *} {* agreetoterms *} {* createaccountbutton *} {* /registrationform *} thank you for registering! once you confirm your email address you will be able to access commenting and exclusive content on all the fox news digital websites! verify your email we just sent an email to your account to verify your email address. check your inbox and click on the link to confirm your account. close forgot my password enter your current email address, and we'll send you instructions to create a new password. {* #forgotpasswordform *} {* forgotpassword_emailaddress *} {* forgotpassword_sendbutton *} {* /forgotpasswordform *} forgot my password success! you should receive an email shortly with instructions to change your password. close {* mergeaccounts {\"custom\": true} *} create a fox news account it looks like you've been here before. we already have an account for: {| current_emailaddress |} connect this session with your existing account forgot password? not you? continue creating a new account sign in to complete account merge {* #tradauthenticatemergeform *} {* traditionalsignin_emailaddress *} {* traditionalsignin_password *} {* traditionalsignin_signinbutton *} forgot password? {* /tradauthenticatemergeform *} facebooktwitterlinkedinemailsocial sharing by janrainshare on your timelineshared on your timelinethanks for sharing with your friends on facebook. share with your other networks too!start overx+4editdoneor browse friendsand 0 morex+it appears the url has been modified. restore?0editdonex+it appears the url has been modified. restore?0editdonehttp://www.foxnews.com/health/2014/10/04/7-ways-to-keep-your-summer-body-in-fall-162316894/undefinedconnecting to facebook failed. %tag%view error%gat%shareconnecttweet to your followersprefer a direct message? choose followersshared to twitterdirect message your followersyou can also tweet to all your followerssent to your followersthanks for sharing with your followers on twitter. share with your other networks too!start overselect your followersx+11editdoneclosedoneselected followersx+11editdoneclosedonex+4editdoneor browse followersand 0 morex+it appears the url has been modified. restore?140editdonex+url will be shortened116editdonehttp://www.foxnews.com/health/2014/10/04/7-ways-to-keep-your-summer-body-in-fall-162316894/undefinedconnecting to twitter failed. %tag%view error%gat%shareconnectshare with your connectionsprefer sending a message? choose connectionsshared to linkedinmessage to your connectionsyou can also share with all connectionssent to your connectionsthanks for sharing with your connections on linkedin. share with your other networks too!start overselect your connectionsx+11editdoneclosedoneselected connectionsx+11editdoneclosedonex+4editdoneor browse connectionsand 0 morex+it appears the url has been modified. restore?0editdonex+it appears the url has been modified. restore?0editdonehttp://www.foxnews.com/health/2014/10/04/7-ways-to-keep-your-summer-body-in-fall-162316894/undefinedsign in to your email providerconnecting to linkedin failed. %tag%view error%gat%shareconnectshare with your friends by emailemail sentthanks for sharing with your contacts via email. share with your other networks too!start overselect your contactsx+11editdoneclosedoneselected contactsx+11editdoneclosedonex+30editdoneor browse contactsand 0 morex+it appears the url has been modified. restore?0editdonex+-91editdonehttp://www.foxnews.com/health/2014/10/04/7-ways-to-keep-your-summer-body-in-fall-162316894/undefinedsign in to your email providerconnecting to email failed. %tag%view error%gat%connectconnectgoogleyahoo sign in with your existing account ??facebook ??google+ ??twitter ??yahoo ??linkedin ??aol with a fox news account sign up ? email addressvalidating validating i forgot my password find answers to your questions about the fox news community in our faqs.", "bull": 1}, {"raw_text": "crew disinfects home where ebola patient stayed | fox news search sign in to comment!login fox news home watch live trending video politics politics home midterm elections executive senate house of representatives defense judiciary scandals congress to-do list u.s. u.s. home crime terrorism economy immigration disasters military education environment personal freedoms regions opinion opinion home todd starnes judith miller juan williams kt mcfarland dr. keith ablow karl rove ric grenell entertainment [fox411] home celebrity news movies tv music style [fox411] video tech tech home gadgets google social military tech smartphones video games slideshows science science home archaeology air &amp; space planet earth wild nature natural science dinosaurs slideshows health health home men's health women's health children's health alternative medicine diabetes heart health allergies nutrition &amp; fitness travel travel home slideshows in 5 guides lifestyle lifestyle home auto food &amp; drink real estate recipes wine with me world world home u.n. conflicts terrorism disasters global economy environment religion scandals regions sports sports home football basketball hockey baseball college sports tennis nascar golf more sports stats on air on air home a healthy you &amp; carol alt america's news hq america's newsroom cavuto fox files fox &amp; friends first fox &amp; friends fox &amp; friends weekend fox news sunday geraldo at large greta hannity happening now huckabee justice with judge jeanine #mediabuzz outnumbered red eye w/ gutfeld shepard smith reporting special report specials sunday morning futures with maria bartiromo the cost of freedom the five the journal editorial report the kelly file the o'reilly factor the real story w/ gretchen carlson war stories more from fox news fox news fox business fox news latino fox news go fox news radio fox nation fox news insider fox news fox business fox news latino fox news go fox news radio fox nation fox news insider menu home foxnews.com search health home men's health women's health children's health alternative medicine diabetes heart health allergies infectious disease crew disinfects home where ebola patient stayed published october 04, 2014associated press facebook864 twitter494 email print oct. 3, 2014: a hazardous material cleaner removes a blue barrel from the apartment in dallas. (ap) dallas ? ?a hazardous-materials crew on friday decontaminated the texas apartment where an ebola patient was staying when he got sick, while public-health officials cut by half the number of people being monitored for any symptoms of the deadly disease. hours later, the family that was living in the apartment was moved to a private residence in a gated community that was offered by a volunteer.advertisementadvertisement the decontamination team was to collect bed sheets, towels and a mattress used by the infected man before he was hospitalized, as well as a suitcase and other personal items belonging to thomas eric duncan, officials said. the materials were sealed in industrial barrels that were to be stored in trucks until they can be hauled away for permanent disposal. federal transportation and disease-control officials issued an emergency special permit friday to allow an illinois-based company to haul away and dispose of the materials ? not only from the apartment but also any from the hospital where duncan is receiving treatment. the first ebola diagnosis in the u.s. has raised concerns about whether the disease that has killed 3,400 people in west africa could spread in the u.s. federal health officials say they are confident they can keep it in check. elsewhere, nbc news reported that an american freelance cameraman working for the network in liberia has tested positive for the virus and will be flown back to the united states, along with the rest of the news crew. neighbors stood on their balconies and watched the family's grim departure from behind a black tarp hung to shield their front door from view. the family was placed in a dallas county deputy's patrol car and driven away, apparently leaving with nothing more than the clothes they wore. the residence where they will stay had been offered only a short time earlier. until then, a search for shelter had come up short. the city had been refused by hotels, apartments and other providers. \"no one wants this family,\" said sana syed, a dallas city spokeswoman. the family was confined to their home under armed guard while public-health officials monitored them ? part of an intense effort to contain the deadly disease before it can get a foothold in the united states. louise troh, originally from liberia, shares the apartment with her 13-year-old son and two nephews. when the decontamination is complete, even the crew's protective suits are to be burned, said tamara smith, office manager for the cleaning guys of fort worth. judge clay jenkins, dallas county's top administrative official, said he went to the apartment with two epidemiologists to apologize for the delay in removing the soiled items, which happened five days after duncan was admitted to the hospital. \"i want to see this family treated the way i would want to see my own family treated,\" jenkins said. the confinement order, which also bans visitors, was imposed after the family failed to comply with a request to stay home. also friday, texas health officials said they had narrowed the number of people they were monitoring from as many as 100 to about 50 who had some type of exposure to duncan. texas health commissioner david lakey said all 50 are meeting with health workers and having their temperatures taken daily. so far, none shows symptoms of the virus. ten are considered to be at higher risk and are being monitored more closely. the virus that causes ebola is not airborne and can only be spread through direct contact with the bodily fluids ? blood, sweat, vomit, feces, urine, saliva or semen ? of an infected person who is showing symptoms. troh's 35-year-old daughter lives a few blocks away in a small apartment with her partner and four children. the two families often visited each other's homes. health officials have told youngor jallah to keep her family at home. but unlike at her mother's apartment, there are no armed guards preventing them from leaving. she's now wracked with regret that she did not take greater precautions in her dealings with duncan. \"i'm just doubting myself every minute,\" she said friday in an interview with the associated press. \"i'm trying to take my mind off it, but i can't do it.\" she is not kissing or hugging her children, ages 2, 4 and 6, or her partner's 11-year-old son, or sharing dishes with them. duncan arrived in dallas on sept. 20 and fell ill a few days later. after an initial visit to the emergency room at texas health presbyterian hospital, he was sent home, even though he told a nurse he had been in disease-ravaged west africa. he returned to the hospital two days later, on sunday, and has been kept in isolation ever since. he's listed in serious but stable condition. advertisement health connect weekly news and features that matter the most to your well-being thank you! your subscription has been submitted. top health centersmore back pain beauty &amp; skin cancer cold and flu depression heart disease digestive health nutrition pain management pregnancy sexual health trending in health 1 sick passenger removed from united flight by medical personnel in hazmat suits 2 us ebola patient in critical condition, hospital says 3 utah mom of 6 given 24 hours to live defies odds, returns home 4 6 gluten-free easy whole grain breakfast ideas 5 6 things all parents should know about enterovirus d68 see all trends from around the webus ebola patient in critical condition, hospital saysfox news health7 ways to keep your summer body in the fallfox news healthcrew disinfects home where ebola patient stayedfox news healthcrew disinfects home where ebola patient stayedfox news health advertisement ? america's election hq see the latest updates on the hottest midterm races from fox news full elections coverage ? origin of aids pandemic traced to 1920s kinshasa dallas cowboys will keep c.j. spillman on roster georges st-pierre is making a comeback to the ufc drinking makes male smiles contagious scientists reverse memory loss in alzheimer's patients 14 reasons you're always tired 11 reasons why you're not losing belly fat 26 quick and tasty zucchini recipes 13 delicious twists on classic lunches 5 fat-burning body weight exercises xeljanz: a blessing or a curse for rheumatoid arthritis patients? nbc news cameraman in liberia contracts ebola, will be treated in the us curiosity changes the brain to boost learning and memory up to 100 people monitored for ebola in texas; official 'certain' us can stop the virus surprise! free birth control and sex education slash rates of teen pregnancy and abortion site index sections home video politics u.s. opinion entertainment tech science health travel lifestyle world sports weather on air tools live video trending ureport newsletters alerts blogs mobile podcasts radio fox news store apps &amp; downloads about careers college students fox around the world advertise with us terms of use privacy policy ad choices contact us email newsroom faq media relations follow facebook twitter google+ linkedin rss newsletters fox news back to top this material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. ?2014 fox news network, llc. all rights reserved. all market data delayed 20 minutes. privacy - terms - faq &lt;img src=\"http://metrics.foxnews.com/b/ss/foxnews/1/h22.1--ns/1412461868804?pagename=noscript:health:subsection:article&amp;g=http://www.foxnews.com/health/2014/10/04/crew-disinfects-home-where-ebola-patient-stayed/\" style=\"display:none;\" width=\"0\" height=\"0\" border=\"0\" alt=\"\"&gt; &lt;img src=\"//secure-us.imrworldwide.com/cgi-bin/m?ci=us-801796h&amp;amp;cg=0&amp;amp;cc=1&amp;amp;si=http://www.foxnews.com/health/2014/10/04/crew-disinfects-home-where-ebola-patient-stayed/&amp;amp;ts=noscript&amp;amp;rnd=1412461868804\" style=\"display:none;\" width=\"0\" height=\"0\" border=\"0\" alt=\"\"&gt; &lt;img src=\"http://b.scorecardresearch.com/p?c1=2&amp;c2=9013181&amp;c3=&amp;c4=http://www.foxnews.com/health/2014/10/04/crew-disinfects-home-where-ebola-patient-stayed/&amp;c5=&amp;c6=&amp;c15=&amp;cv=2.2&amp;cj=1\" style=\"display:none;\" width=\"0\" height=\"0\" border=\"0\" alt=\"\"&gt;", "bull": 1}, {"raw_text": "search sign in to comment!login fox news home watch live trending video politics politics home midterm elections executive senate house of representatives defense judiciary scandals congress to-do list u.s. u.s. home crime terrorism economy immigration disasters military education environment personal freedoms regions opinion opinion home todd starnes judith miller juan williams kt mcfarland dr. keith ablow karl rove ric grenell entertainment [fox411] home celebrity news movies tv music style [fox411] video tech tech home gadgets google social military tech smartphones video games slideshows science science home archaeology air &amp; space planet earth wild nature natural science dinosaurs slideshows health health home men's health women's health children's health alternative medicine diabetes heart health allergies nutrition &amp; fitness travel travel home slideshows in 5 guides lifestyle lifestyle home auto food &amp; drink real estate recipes wine with me world world home u.n. conflicts terrorism disasters global economy environment religion scandals regions sports sports home football basketball hockey baseball college sports tennis nascar golf more sports stats on air on air home a healthy you &amp; carol alt america's news hq america's newsroom cavuto fox files fox &amp; friends first fox &amp; friends fox &amp; friends weekend fox news sunday geraldo at large greta hannity happening now huckabee justice with judge jeanine #mediabuzz outnumbered red eye w/ gutfeld shepard smith reporting special report specials sunday morning futures with maria bartiromo the cost of freedom the five the journal editorial report the kelly file the o'reilly factor the real story w/ gretchen carlson war stories more from fox news fox news fox business fox news latino fox news go fox news radio fox nation fox news insider fox news fox business fox news latino fox news go fox news radio fox nation fox news insider menu home foxnews.com search travel home slideshows in 5 guides hotels marriott must pay $600,000 for blocking personal wi-fi hotspots published october 03, 2014associated press facebook23 twitter11 email print marriott?s gaylord opryland hotel and convention center are being fined for blocking visitors? access to personal wifi networks.?(marriott) marriott international will pay the government a $600,000 fine for jamming conference attendees' own wi-fi networks at one of its hotels, forcing them instead to pay as much as $1,000 each to use the hotel's own connection. frequent travelers often carry personal wi-fi hotspots -- tiny devices that can connect to the internet via cell phone towers. for $50 a month, they can connect to the internet on the move, often avoiding hefty fees charged by hotels, airports and conference facilities. last year, a conference attendee at the gaylord opryland resort and convention center in nashville, tennessee -- which is managed by marriott -- found that the hotel was jamming their device in its ballrooms and complained to the federal communications commission. in the complaint, the guest noted that it had happed previously at another gaylord property.advertisementadvertisement the fcc said marriott charged conference exhibitors $250 to $1,000, per device, to use the gaylord's wi-fi connection. while agreeing to the fine, marriott on friday defended the practice of jamming guests' own wi-fi networks. \"marriott has a strong interest in ensuring that when our guests use our wi-fi service, they will be protected from rogue wireless hotspots that can cause degraded service, insidious cyber-attacks and identity theft,\" the company said in a statement, adding that hospitals and universities employee similar jamming practices. advertisement travel video bacon brothers guide to city of brotherly love (video - travel) best trips for those with special needs (video - travel) don't let your next vacation be ruined by identity theft (video - travel) bacon brothers guide to city of brotherly love (video - travel) best trips for those with special needs (video - travel) don't let your next vacation be ruined by identity theft (video - travel) recommended by trending in travel 1 what an $18g plane ride looks like 2 inside singapore airlines suites class 3 racy photos of scantily-clad vietair flight attendants stir controversy 4 airline money secrets hidden away in the fine print 5 worried about ebola? here?s what fliers need to know see all trends american innovation more ? low-cost baby incubator aims to boost infant health startup touts noise elimination software for mobile phones scientists proceed with caution towards new gene mutation technology hotel finder advertisement ? america's election hq see the latest updates on the hottest midterm races from fox news full elections coverage ? also on the web innovation : who are the 10 most important inventors of all time ? (thales) oncologists warned?don?t take burnout lightly (onclive) why this app is quickly replacing human financial advisors? (business insider) what dermatologists don?t want you to know (popdust) ?the girls with glasses? cruise to-do checklist (the girls with glasses) want to add an audi to your at&amp;t plan? it'll be $10 (cnet) more from fox news suspect in deadly trooper ambush, gives away location, police say (u.s.) electronic records error made in ebola patient's first visit, says texas hospital (health) many sick in us ebola patient's liberia hometown (health) man with implanted horns to jury that convicted him of murder: i'll see you all in hell (u.s.) a new supersonic business jet will fly at 1,217 mph (travel) calls for a cowbell ban in switzerland could mean an end to tinkling bovines (travel) recommended by 9 uber-artsy hotels that offer arts &amp; crafts (for kids ? and adults, too!) get gone: 7 getaways inspired by gone girl cooking channel?s judy joo?s favorite hotel restaurants fact or fakeout: michelin stars 2015 announced, the most popular honeymoon destinations, and more! finding my balance: my first stand-up paddle board experience 10 car-free fall foliage trips of the northeast 20 best budget vacations for fall 12 best places to see fall colors 10 telltale signs your hotel is a disaster! 6 wild &amp; beautiful places in europe you must see! i heart my national park: joshua tree #strangeplanet: travel trivia adventure 101: shore diving in bonaire young and hungry in paris i heart my city: jackie?s los angeles boo at the zoo! wonderful winter sun deals for families with kids disney world: onsite or off-site accommodation five sun-drenched caribbean islands to visit this winter fabulous fall activities in san diego with kids 7 essential pieces of camping gear the rail thing top 10 campgrounds for experts top 10 beginner campgrounds top 10 family campgrounds exploring peru on a budget 7 summer looks inspired by santorini visiting santorini just got much easier in their shoes: julia child?s boston the simple rules of protecting your stuff while traveling site index sections home video politics u.s. opinion entertainment tech science health travel lifestyle world sports weather on air tools live video trending ureport newsletters alerts blogs mobile podcasts radio fox news store apps &amp; downloads about careers college students fox around the world advertise with us terms of use privacy policy ad choices contact us email newsroom faq media relations follow facebook twitter google+ linkedin rss newsletters fox news back to top this material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. ?2014 fox news network, llc. all rights reserved. all market data delayed 20 minutes. privacy - terms - faq &lt;img src=\"http://metrics.foxnews.com/b/ss/foxnews/1/h22.1--ns/1412462062009?pagename=noscript:travel:front:article&amp;g=http://www.foxnews.com/travel/2014/10/03/marriott-must-pay-600000-for-blocking-personal-wi-fi-hotspots/\" style=\"display:none;\" width=\"0\" height=\"0\" border=\"0\" alt=\"\"&gt; &lt;img src=\"//secure-us.imrworldwide.com/cgi-bin/m?ci=us-801796h&amp;amp;cg=0&amp;amp;cc=1&amp;amp;si=http://www.foxnews.com/travel/2014/10/03/marriott-must-pay-600000-for-blocking-personal-wi-fi-hotspots/&amp;amp;ts=noscript&amp;amp;rnd=1412462062009\" style=\"display:none;\" width=\"0\" height=\"0\" border=\"0\" alt=\"\"&gt; &lt;img src=\"http://b.scorecardresearch.com/p?c1=2&amp;c2=9013181&amp;c3=&amp;c4=http://www.foxnews.com/travel/2014/10/03/marriott-must-pay-600000-for-blocking-personal-wi-fi-hotspots/&amp;c5=&amp;c6=&amp;c15=&amp;cv=2.2&amp;cj=1\" style=\"display:none;\" width=\"0\" height=\"0\" border=\"0\" alt=\"\"&gt; resend email verification to sign in you must verify your email address. fill out the form below and we'll send you an email to verify. {* #resendverificationform *} {* resendverification_emailaddress *} {* newpasswordformbutton *} {* /resendverificationform *} please change your display name. your display name is unavailable. {* #postloginform1 *} {*postlogin_displayname *} {* postlogin_acceptbutton *} {* /postloginform1 *} your verification email has been sent check your email for a link to reset your password. sign in account deletion are you sure you want to permanently delete your fox news digital account? you will lose your activity history and email preferences. {* confirmdeactivateform *} {* confirmdeactivatebutton *} {* /confirmdeactivateform *} you did it! your password has been successfully changed. close change your password {* newpasswordform *} {* oldpassword *} {* newpassword *} {* newpasswordconfirm *} i forgot my password {* newpasswordformbutton *} {* /newpasswordform *} member profile don't have an account? create one now {* profilephotocustom *} {* public_displayname *} {* member_since *} {* public_city *} {* public_state *} {* public_country *} {* public_birthdate *} {* public_gender *} {* slider_public *} user stats comments ureports likes shares {* public_shares *} sign in with your existing account ??facebook ??google+ ??twitter ??yahoo ??linkedin ??aol with a fox news account sign up ? {* #userinformationform *} {* traditionalsignin_emailaddress *} {* traditionalsignin_password *} i forgot my password {* traditionalsignin_signinbutton *} {* /userinformationform *} find answers to your questions about the fox news community in our faqs. sign in welcome back, {* welcomename *} (not you?) sign in with your account use another account ? ??{* returnprovider *} privacy policy sign in welcome back, (not you?) sign in with your account use another account ? {* #userinformationform *} {* traditionalsignin_emailaddress *} {* traditionalsignin_password *} {* traditionalsignin_signinbutton *} {* /userinformationform *} privacy policy you're almost done! complete the following form to submit your registration. {* #socialregistrationform *} {* socialregistration_firstname *} {* socialregistration_lastname *} {* socialregistration_displayname *} {* socialregistration_emailaddress *} {* registration_birthday *} terms of service {* agreetoterms *} {* socialregistration_button *} {* /socialregistrationform *} create a fox news account already have an account? sign in ? {* #registrationform *} {* traditionalregistration_firstname *} {* traditionalregistration_lastname *} {* traditionalregistration_displayname *} {* traditionalregistration_emailaddress *} {* traditionalregistration_password *} {* traditionalregistration_passwordconfirm *} {* registration_birthday *} subscribe to fox news email newsletters optional fox news morning headlines fox news top headlines fox business breaking alerts fox news breaking alerts security check {* captcha *} {* agreetoterms *} {* createaccountbutton *} {* /registrationform *} thank you for registering! once you confirm your email address you will be able to access commenting and exclusive content on all the fox news digital websites! verify your email we just sent an email to your account to verify your email address. check your inbox and click on the link to confirm your account. close forgot my password enter your current email address, and we'll send you instructions to create a new password. {* #forgotpasswordform *} {* forgotpassword_emailaddress *} {* forgotpassword_sendbutton *} {* /forgotpasswordform *} forgot my password success! you should receive an email shortly with instructions to change your password. close {* mergeaccounts {\"custom\": true} *} create a fox news account it looks like you've been here before. we already have an account for: {| current_emailaddress |} connect this session with your existing account forgot password? not you? continue creating a new account sign in to complete account merge {* #tradauthenticatemergeform *} {* traditionalsignin_emailaddress *} {* traditionalsignin_password *} {* traditionalsignin_signinbutton *} forgot password? {* /tradauthenticatemergeform *}", "bull": 1}, {"raw_text": "search sign in to comment!login fox news home watch live trending video politics politics home midterm elections executive senate house of representatives defense judiciary scandals congress to-do list u.s. u.s. home crime terrorism economy immigration disasters military education environment personal freedoms regions opinion opinion home todd starnes judith miller juan williams kt mcfarland dr. keith ablow karl rove ric grenell entertainment [fox411] home celebrity news movies tv music style [fox411] video tech tech home gadgets google social military tech smartphones video games slideshows science science home archaeology air &amp; space planet earth wild nature natural science dinosaurs slideshows health health home men's health women's health children's health alternative medicine diabetes heart health allergies nutrition &amp; fitness travel travel home slideshows in 5 guides lifestyle lifestyle home auto food &amp; drink real estate recipes wine with me world world home u.n. conflicts terrorism disasters global economy environment religion scandals regions sports sports home football basketball hockey baseball college sports tennis nascar golf more sports stats on air on air home a healthy you &amp; carol alt america's news hq america's newsroom cavuto fox files fox &amp; friends first fox &amp; friends fox &amp; friends weekend fox news sunday geraldo at large greta hannity happening now huckabee justice with judge jeanine #mediabuzz outnumbered red eye w/ gutfeld shepard smith reporting special report specials sunday morning futures with maria bartiromo the cost of freedom the five the journal editorial report the kelly file the o'reilly factor the real story w/ gretchen carlson war stories more from fox news fox news fox business fox news latino fox news go fox news radio fox nation fox news insider fox news fox business fox news latino fox news go fox news radio fox nation fox news insider menu home foxnews.com search travel home slideshows in 5 guides airlines what an $18g plane ride looks like by derek lowpublished october 03, 2014foxnews.com facebook0 twitter0 livefyre email print in 2008, singapore airlines introduced their suites class, the most luxurious class of flying that is commercially available. getting tired of flying cattle class? entrepreneur and engineer derek low splashed out and cashed in enough miles for a $18,400 \"golden ticket\" to travel from singapore to new york city in singapore airlines' suites class. on his website, he describes dining on champagne and baked boston lobster in the private room before boarding, and being served dom perignon on board after being escorted to his middle suite. and the suite, was just oh, so nice. ?with round-trip tickets costing up to s$23,000 (or us$18,400), it was completely unattainable for most people. formerly, the only way for an average person to fly in the suites was to take out a bank loan. and then i remembered that most of my personal net worth exists in frequent flier miles rather than cash,? he wrote. in 2008, singapore airlines introduced suites class, one of the most luxurious class of flying that is commercially available. exclusive to their flagship airbus a380 planes, they have enclosed private cabins with sliding doors, 5-star amenities and service that puts travelers in the lap of luxury. have a look at the slideshow above, and go ahead -- dream a little.advertisementadvertisement advertisement trending in travel 1 what an $18g plane ride looks like 2 inside singapore airlines suites class 3 racy photos of scantily-clad vietair flight attendants stir controversy 4 airline money secrets hidden away in the fine print 5 worried about ebola? here?s what fliers need to know see all trends american innovation more ? low-cost baby incubator aims to boost infant health startup touts noise elimination software for mobile phones scientists proceed with caution towards new gene mutation technology hotel finder advertisement ? america's election hq see the latest updates on the hottest midterm races from fox news full elections coverage ? 9 uber-artsy hotels that offer arts &amp; crafts (for kids ? and adults, too!) get gone: 7 getaways inspired by gone girl cooking channel?s judy joo?s favorite hotel restaurants fact or fakeout: michelin stars 2015 announced, the most popular honeymoon destinations, and more! finding my balance: my first stand-up paddle board experience 10 car-free fall foliage trips of the northeast 20 best budget vacations for fall 12 best places to see fall colors 10 telltale signs your hotel is a disaster! 6 wild &amp; beautiful places in europe you must see! i heart my national park: joshua tree #strangeplanet: travel trivia adventure 101: shore diving in bonaire young and hungry in paris i heart my city: jackie?s los angeles boo at the zoo! wonderful winter sun deals for families with kids disney world: onsite or off-site accommodation five sun-drenched caribbean islands to visit this winter fabulous fall activities in san diego with kids 7 essential pieces of camping gear the rail thing top 10 campgrounds for experts top 10 beginner campgrounds top 10 family campgrounds exploring peru on a budget 7 summer looks inspired by santorini visiting santorini just got much easier in their shoes: julia child?s boston the simple rules of protecting your stuff while traveling site index sections home video politics u.s. opinion entertainment tech science health travel lifestyle world sports weather on air tools live video trending ureport newsletters alerts blogs mobile podcasts radio fox news store apps &amp; downloads about careers college students fox around the world advertise with us terms of use privacy policy ad choices contact us email newsroom faq media relations follow facebook twitter google+ linkedin rss newsletters fox news back to top this material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. ?2014 fox news network, llc. all rights reserved. all market data delayed 20 minutes. privacy - terms - faq &lt;img src=\"http://metrics.foxnews.com/b/ss/foxnews/1/h22.1--ns/1412462063301?pagename=noscript:travel:front:article&amp;g=http://www.foxnews.com/travel/2014/10/03/what-it-like-to-fly-23000-singapore-airlines-suites-class/\" style=\"display:none;\" width=\"0\" height=\"0\" border=\"0\" alt=\"\"&gt; &lt;img src=\"//secure-us.imrworldwide.com/cgi-bin/m?ci=us-801796h&amp;amp;cg=0&amp;amp;cc=1&amp;amp;si=http://www.foxnews.com/travel/2014/10/03/what-it-like-to-fly-23000-singapore-airlines-suites-class/&amp;amp;ts=noscript&amp;amp;rnd=1412462063301\" style=\"display:none;\" width=\"0\" height=\"0\" border=\"0\" alt=\"\"&gt; &lt;img src=\"http://b.scorecardresearch.com/p?c1=2&amp;c2=9013181&amp;c3=&amp;c4=http://www.foxnews.com/travel/2014/10/03/what-it-like-to-fly-23000-singapore-airlines-suites-class/&amp;c5=&amp;c6=&amp;c15=&amp;cv=2.2&amp;cj=1\" style=\"display:none;\" width=\"0\" height=\"0\" border=\"0\" alt=\"\"&gt;", "bull": 1}, {"raw_text": "search sign in to comment!login fox news home watch live trending video politics politics home midterm elections executive senate house of representatives defense judiciary scandals congress to-do list u.s. u.s. home crime terrorism economy immigration disasters military education environment personal freedoms regions opinion opinion home todd starnes judith miller juan williams kt mcfarland dr. keith ablow karl rove ric grenell entertainment [fox411] home celebrity news movies tv music style [fox411] video tech tech home gadgets google social military tech smartphones video games slideshows science science home archaeology air &amp; space planet earth wild nature natural science dinosaurs slideshows health health home men's health women's health children's health alternative medicine diabetes heart health allergies nutrition &amp; fitness travel travel home slideshows in 5 guides lifestyle lifestyle home auto food &amp; drink real estate recipes wine with me world world home u.n. conflicts terrorism disasters global economy environment religion scandals regions sports sports home football basketball hockey baseball college sports tennis nascar golf more sports stats on air on air home a healthy you &amp; carol alt america's news hq america's newsroom cavuto fox files fox &amp; friends first fox &amp; friends fox &amp; friends weekend fox news sunday geraldo at large greta hannity happening now huckabee justice with judge jeanine #mediabuzz outnumbered red eye w/ gutfeld shepard smith reporting special report specials sunday morning futures with maria bartiromo the cost of freedom the five the journal editorial report the kelly file the o'reilly factor the real story w/ gretchen carlson war stories more from fox news fox news fox business fox news latino fox news go fox news radio fox nation fox news insider fox news fox business fox news latino fox news go fox news radio fox nation fox news insider menu home foxnews.com search travel home slideshows in 5 guides travel taking the kids -- to london to explore with paddington bear by eileen ogintzpublished october 03, 2014foxnews.com facebook0 twitter0 livefyre email print families sitting in the sunshine on the southbank, tower bridge in background.?(visitlondon) previous next bbc cameraman michael bond was doing some last-minute christmas shopping in london at selfridges when he spied a lone stuffed bear on the shelf. he never thought that little bear would change his life, or inspire millions of children around the world. bond named the bear paddington, after the train station near his home, and gave it to his wife brenda as a gift. he couldn't imagine the bear spending the holidays alone, he told her. the young couple didn't yet have kids.advertisementadvertisement a few weeks later, bond, an aspiring writer, penned the tale of paddington bear, who had arrived at paddington station as a stowaway from \"darkest peru\" (changed from africa when his agent reminded him there were no bears in africa) and was taken home by the brown family to live near portobello road. that was in 1957. by 1958, paddington bear was not only a hit, but in britain, bond's book was named the best children's novel of 1958. since then, the paddington books and stories have sold 35 million copies and have been translated into 40 languages, according to karen jankel, michael bond's daughter and the managing director of paddington and company. she was born the same year the first paddington book was published and grew up with paddington -- sometimes, she laughs, sitting with him at the dinner table. we were, in fact, chatting at paddington station near the bear's statue. upstairs, is london's only shop devoted to all things paddington. in addition, 50 life-sized paddington bear statues designed by artists, designers, athletes and celebrities will be placed all around london at museums, parks, shops and landmarks just as the movie \"paddington,\" produced by david heyman, who made the harry potter films, gets ready to open in the uk in november and in the u.s. in december, showcasing many of the locales that feature in the paddington stories. pint-sized visitors to london and their parents and grandparents will be able to follow paddington's footsteps to his favorite places along the paddington trail, taking in the paddington statues positioned along the way, each designed and decorated by celebrities like emma watson, nicole kidman and david beckham and bear grylls, and getting a different perspective on london's most famous sites. later, all of the statues will be auctioned to raise money for charity, most notably the national society for the prevention of cruelty to children, which focuses on protecting children from abuse. if you are lucky enough to be visiting london, download the trail map and learn more about the stories behind each location; share your pictures -- with your bear, of course. (there's one who still lives in my older daughter's bedroom, bought on a long ago trip to london.) there's even going to be a paddington exhibit at the wonderful museum of london, which is also opening a huge sherlock holmes exhibit this month. you shouldn't be surprised that london ranks high on cheapflights top 10 teddy bear destinations around the world, nor that london attracts a large number of american families, including growing numbers of multigenerational groups. (read my london trip diaries about my recent visit.) there are few language issues (once you figure out loo means bathroom and chips mean fries), wonderful kid-friendly theater, restaurants and museum exhibits (even buckingham palace has an interactive family center with activities that can be downloaded. ready to make your own coat of arms?) london hotels are getting on the paddington bandwagon with special packages like at the draycott hotel, which includes a paddington bear, book and afternoon tea in its family package. (the athenaeum hotel?s paddington package includes a stay in the hotel's one-bedroom apartments, a special paddington tea and more. stop in at the lancaster london for a hot drink and complimentary paddington bear \"elevenses,\" homemade apricot cake with a serving of homemade orange and apple marmalade. paddington famously loves marmalade. october and november are good months to snare a london hotel deal, according to hotwire. there won't be the huge crowds you'd find in summer. (tip: book a flight and hotel together to save even more.) another plus: like in washington, d.c., many of the top museums are free. let paddington -- and your kids -- guide you around london with \"paddington?s guide to london,\" a great bet for families visiting london, offers \"a bear's-eye view\" of his favorite sites from paddington station where he arrived as a stowaway from \"deepest, darkest peru,\" with a tag around his neck reading \"please look after this bear. thank you.\" \"there were so many people rushing to and fro i didn't know which way to go, so i sat on my suitcase outside the lost property office and waited for something to happen, which it did, of course,\" paddington explains. \"i was befriended by a lovely family called the browns, who took me home to live with them and their two children, jonathan and judy, not to mention their housekeeper, mrs. bird.\" \"the success of the paddington stories was a total surprise,\" said jankel, herself the mom of grown children. her parents are now in their late 80s and divorced, but happily share custody of the original paddington, she said. paddington's duffel coat and hat, jankel said, came about because her dad wore them. paddington wore the identification tag around his neck because that's what children evacuated from london during world war ii wore. michael bond, now 88, is still writing about paddington -- \"love from paddington\" will be published in the fall. \"to me,\" jankel said, \"paddington has always been a real person, so real that if he walked into the room i wouldn't have been surprised.\" as for the original paddington rescued from the department store, he is well and happy, but never exhibited to the public. \"that would be like putting a member of your family in a glass case,\" she said. he stays home, \"well-loved and well-worn.\"eileen ogintz is a nationally syndicated columnist and creator of takingthekids.com. her new? kids guide to boston is available online and from major booksellers, along with the kids guides to nyc, washington, dc, orlando, ?la and chicago. coming ?later this year: san diego, san francisco and denver. advertisement trending in travel 1 what an $18g plane ride looks like 2 inside singapore airlines suites class 3 racy photos of scantily-clad vietair flight attendants stir controversy 4 airline money secrets hidden away in the fine print 5 worried about ebola? here?s what fliers need to know see all trends american innovation more ? low-cost baby incubator aims to boost infant health startup touts noise elimination software for mobile phones scientists proceed with caution towards new gene mutation technology hotel finder advertisement ? america's election hq see the latest updates on the hottest midterm races from fox news full elections coverage ? 9 uber-artsy hotels that offer arts &amp; crafts (for kids ? and adults, too!) get gone: 7 getaways inspired by gone girl cooking channel?s judy joo?s favorite hotel restaurants fact or fakeout: michelin stars 2015 announced, the most popular honeymoon destinations, and more! finding my balance: my first stand-up paddle board experience 10 car-free fall foliage trips of the northeast 20 best budget vacations for fall 12 best places to see fall colors 10 telltale signs your hotel is a disaster! 6 wild &amp; beautiful places in europe you must see! i heart my national park: joshua tree #strangeplanet: travel trivia adventure 101: shore diving in bonaire young and hungry in paris i heart my city: jackie?s los angeles boo at the zoo! wonderful winter sun deals for families with kids disney world: onsite or off-site accommodation five sun-drenched caribbean islands to visit this winter fabulous fall activities in san diego with kids 7 essential pieces of camping gear the rail thing top 10 campgrounds for experts top 10 beginner campgrounds top 10 family campgrounds exploring peru on a budget 7 summer looks inspired by santorini visiting santorini just got much easier in their shoes: julia child?s boston the simple rules of protecting your stuff while traveling site index sections home video politics u.s. opinion entertainment tech science health travel lifestyle world sports weather on air tools live video trending ureport newsletters alerts blogs mobile podcasts radio fox news store apps &amp; downloads about careers college students fox around the world advertise with us terms of use privacy policy ad choices contact us email newsroom faq media relations follow facebook twitter google+ linkedin rss newsletters fox news back to top this material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. ?2014 fox news network, llc. all rights reserved. all market data delayed 20 minutes. privacy - terms - faq &lt;img src=\"http://metrics.foxnews.com/b/ss/foxnews/1/h22.1--ns/1412461964558?pagename=noscript:travel:front:article&amp;g=http://www.foxnews.com/travel/2014/10/03/taking-kids-to-london-to-explore-with-paddington-bear/\" style=\"display:none;\" width=\"0\" height=\"0\" border=\"0\" alt=\"\"&gt; &lt;img src=\"//secure-us.imrworldwide.com/cgi-bin/m?ci=us-801796h&amp;amp;cg=0&amp;amp;cc=1&amp;amp;si=http://www.foxnews.com/travel/2014/10/03/taking-kids-to-london-to-explore-with-paddington-bear/&amp;amp;ts=noscript&amp;amp;rnd=1412461964558\" style=\"display:none;\" width=\"0\" height=\"0\" border=\"0\" alt=\"\"&gt; &lt;img src=\"http://b.scorecardresearch.com/p?c1=2&amp;c2=9013181&amp;c3=&amp;c4=http://www.foxnews.com/travel/2014/10/03/taking-kids-to-london-to-explore-with-paddington-bear/&amp;c5=&amp;c6=&amp;c15=&amp;cv=2.2&amp;cj=1\" style=\"display:none;\" width=\"0\" height=\"0\" border=\"0\" alt=\"\"&gt;", "bull": 1}, {"raw_text": "request timeout the server timed out while waiting for the browser's request. reference #2.48ed2cf.1412462244.0", "bull": 1}, {"raw_text": "search sign in to comment!login fox news home watch live trending video politics politics home midterm elections executive senate house of representatives defense judiciary scandals congress to-do list u.s. u.s. home crime terrorism economy immigration disasters military education environment personal freedoms regions opinion opinion home todd starnes judith miller juan williams kt mcfarland dr. keith ablow karl rove ric grenell entertainment [fox411] home celebrity news movies tv music style [fox411] video tech tech home gadgets google social military tech smartphones video games slideshows science science home archaeology air &amp; space planet earth wild nature natural science dinosaurs slideshows health health home men's health women's health children's health alternative medicine diabetes heart health allergies nutrition &amp; fitness travel travel home slideshows in 5 guides lifestyle lifestyle home auto food &amp; drink real estate recipes wine with me world world home u.n. conflicts terrorism disasters global economy environment religion scandals regions sports sports home football basketball hockey baseball college sports tennis nascar golf more sports stats on air on air home a healthy you &amp; carol alt america's news hq america's newsroom cavuto fox files fox &amp; friends first fox &amp; friends fox &amp; friends weekend fox news sunday geraldo at large greta hannity happening now huckabee justice with judge jeanine #mediabuzz outnumbered red eye w/ gutfeld shepard smith reporting special report specials sunday morning futures with maria bartiromo the cost of freedom the five the journal editorial report the kelly file the o'reilly factor the real story w/ gretchen carlson war stories more from fox news fox news fox business fox news latino fox news go fox news radio fox nation fox news insider fox news fox business fox news latino fox news go fox news radio fox nation fox news insider menu home foxnews.com search sports home football basketball hockey baseball college sports tennis nascar golf more sports stats college sports dak attack: prescott and no. 12 mississippi state blast no. 6 texas a&amp;m, 48-24 published october 04, 2014associated press facebook0 twitter0 email print mississippi state quarterback dak prescott (15) gains additional yardage after receiving a pass during the first half of an ncaa college football game against texas a&amp;m in starkville, miss., saturday, oct. 4, 2014. (ap photo/jim lytle)?(the associated press) mississippi state quarterback dak prescott (15) pitches the ball to running back josh robinson (13) during the first half of an ncaa college football gameagainst texas a&amp;m in starkville, miss., saturday, oct. 4, 2014. (ap photo/jim lytle)?(the associated press) mississippi state defensive back taveze calhoun, rear tackles texas a&amp;m wide receiver speedy noil (2) during the first half of an ncaa college football game in starkville, miss., saturday, oct. 4, 2014. (ap photo/jim lytle)?(the associated press) texas a&amp;m quarterback kenny hill (7) stiff arms mississippi state defensive back kendrick market, left as mississippi state defensive lineman chris jones (96) defends during the first half of an ncaa college football game in starkville, miss., saturday, oct. 4, 2014. (ap photo/jim lytle)?(the associated press) mississippi state quarterback dak prescott (15), is congratulated after msu defeated no. 5 texas a&amp;m 48-31 in an ncaa college football game in starkville, miss., saturday, oct. 4, 2014. (ap photo/jim lytle)?(the associated press) previous next starkville, miss. ? ?dak prescott threw two touchdown passes, added three tebow-style td runs, and no. 12 mississippi state overwhelmed no. 6 texas a&amp;m 48-31 on saturday as a new contender emerged in the sec west. the bulldogs (5-0, 2-0 southeastern conference) jumped out to a 28-7 lead in the first half and never let kenny hill and the high-scoring aggies (5-1, 2-1) get close enough to threaten the lead ? or quiet the bulldogs fans and their clanging cowbells at davis wade stadium.advertisementadvertisement hill threw for 365 yards and four touchdowns, but was picked off three times by linebacker richie brown, who matched a school record. prescott first plowed into the end zone for two short tds and pretty much sealed the deal for the bulldogs with an 11-yard quarterback draw to make it 48-17 in the fourth quarter. the junior finished 19 for 25 for 264 yards and ran for 77 yards. advertisement trending in sports 1 texas qb ash talks about concussions, walking away 2 ohio st. student who ran on turf loses scholarship 3 fcs top 25 roundup - week 6 4 prescott's five tds power mississippi state past texas a&amp;m 5 no. 22 ecu easily handles smu in american opener see all trends advertisement ? america's election hq see the latest updates on the hottest midterm races from fox news full elections coverage ? watch: florida's will muschamp delivers verbal dagger to tennessee fans after win oh canada: national anthem crooner eats it on ice, keeps on singing manziel as mentor? johnny football wants to help jameis winston kobe bryant doesn't do la traffic, takes flight home from practice instead lamborghini unveils 910-horsepower electric supercar at paris auto show richie incognito and the new england patriots are perfect for each other who is oklahoma qb trevor knight and how the hell did he win katy perry?s heart? katy perry confesses her love for trevor knight, makes cock joke and wreaks havoc on college gameday 6 dumbest quotes by soon-to-be fired michigan coach brady hoke lebron james pranks cavaliers? rookies and it?s? funny? college football preview: nd-stanford, bama-ole miss, a&amp;m-msu highlight stacked saturday clippers owner hopes to turn a racist's team into 'america's team' royals top angels 4-1 in 11 innings, lead alds 2-0 cardinals beat dodgers 10-9 after kershaw wilts media dream meme: 'time' pushes domestic violence link to nfl head trauma site index sections home video politics u.s. opinion entertainment tech science health travel lifestyle world sports weather on air tools live video trending ureport newsletters alerts blogs mobile podcasts radio fox news store apps &amp; downloads about careers college students fox around the world advertise with us terms of use privacy policy ad choices contact us email newsroom faq media relations follow facebook twitter google+ linkedin rss newsletters fox news back to top this material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. ?2014 fox news network, llc. all rights reserved. all market data delayed 20 minutes. privacy - terms - faq &lt;img src=\"http://metrics.foxnews.com/b/ss/foxnews/1/h22.1--ns/1412462245253?pagename=noscript:sports:subsection:article&amp;g=http://www.foxnews.com/sports/2014/10/04/dak-attack-prescott-and-no-12-mississippi-state-blast-no-6-texas-am-48-24/\" style=\"display:none;\" width=\"0\" height=\"0\" border=\"0\" alt=\"\"&gt; &lt;img src=\"//secure-us.imrworldwide.com/cgi-bin/m?ci=us-801796h&amp;amp;cg=0&amp;amp;cc=1&amp;amp;si=http://www.foxnews.com/sports/2014/10/04/dak-attack-prescott-and-no-12-mississippi-state-blast-no-6-texas-am-48-24/&amp;amp;ts=noscript&amp;amp;rnd=1412462245253\" style=\"display:none;\" width=\"0\" height=\"0\" border=\"0\" alt=\"\"&gt; &lt;img src=\"http://b.scorecardresearch.com/p?c1=2&amp;c2=9013181&amp;c3=&amp;c4=http://www.foxnews.com/sports/2014/10/04/dak-attack-prescott-and-no-12-mississippi-state-blast-no-6-texas-am-48-24/&amp;c5=&amp;c6=&amp;c15=&amp;cv=2.2&amp;cj=1\" style=\"display:none;\" width=\"0\" height=\"0\" border=\"0\" alt=\"\"&gt;", "bull": 1}, {"raw_text": "search sign in to comment!login fox news home watch live trending video politics politics home midterm elections executive senate house of representatives defense judiciary scandals congress to-do list u.s. u.s. home crime terrorism economy immigration disasters military education environment personal freedoms regions opinion opinion home todd starnes judith miller juan williams kt mcfarland dr. keith ablow karl rove ric grenell entertainment [fox411] home celebrity news movies tv music style [fox411] video tech tech home gadgets google social military tech smartphones video games slideshows science science home archaeology air &amp; space planet earth wild nature natural science dinosaurs slideshows health health home men's health women's health children's health alternative medicine diabetes heart health allergies nutrition &amp; fitness travel travel home slideshows in 5 guides lifestyle lifestyle home auto food &amp; drink real estate recipes wine with me world world home u.n. conflicts terrorism disasters global economy environment religion scandals regions sports sports home football basketball hockey baseball college sports tennis nascar golf more sports stats on air on air home a healthy you &amp; carol alt america's news hq america's newsroom cavuto fox files fox &amp; friends first fox &amp; friends fox &amp; friends weekend fox news sunday geraldo at large greta hannity happening now huckabee justice with judge jeanine #mediabuzz outnumbered red eye w/ gutfeld shepard smith reporting special report specials sunday morning futures with maria bartiromo the cost of freedom the five the journal editorial report the kelly file the o'reilly factor the real story w/ gretchen carlson war stories more from fox news fox news fox business fox news latino fox news go fox news radio fox nation fox news insider fox news fox business fox news latino fox news go fox news radio fox nation fox news insider menu home foxnews.com search sports home football basketball hockey baseball college sports tennis nascar golf more sports stats college sports kansas players upbeat after charlie weis was fired, clint bowen appointed interim coach published october 02, 2014associated press facebook1 twitter2 email print kansas interim head football coach clint bowen smiles during an ncaa college football news conference in lawrence, kan., monday, sept. 29, 2014. bowen replaces charlie weis, who was fired after saturday's 23-0 loss to texas. (ap photo/orlin wagner)?(the associated press) kansas interim head football coach clint bowen speaks during an ncaa college football news conference in lawrence, kan., monday, sept. 29, 2014. bowen replaces charlie weis, who was fired after saturday's 23-0 loss to texas. (ap photo/orlin wagner)?(the associated press) previous next lawrence, kan. ? ?ben heeney woke up sunday morning to a phone full of missed calls and text messages. one of them had come from kansas assistant george mataskis, and the linebacker had slept right through it. \"i finally woke up to one of my teammates giving me a call,\" heeney said. \"he asked if i had seen anything and said no. he said coach weis got fired and bowen's our head coach now. i thought, 'wow, this is crazy.' then i got on my phone and twitter and saw everything.\"advertisementadvertisement it wasn't until a team meeting on sunday afternoon that athletic director sheahon zenger informed the players that charlie weis had been dismissed four games into his third season leading the jayhawks. defensive coordinator clint bowen had been elevated to interim coach. \"he said it was something he had been working on for a while,\" heeney recalled wednesday, the first day that players were available to the media after the coaching change. \"he had full trust in coach bowen and thought he was going to be the guy for us right now.\" running back corey avery, a freshman who had been recruited to kansas by weis, said players had different emotional reactions to the change. some of them were disappointed, others grateful for the opportunity that weis gave them. some were ready to move on. \"i wish i could have been around longer, get to know weis better,\" avery said. \"i haven't been here that long. i was glad i got to play under his coaching as long as i did.\" still, the entire process has become second-nature for some of the jayhawks. \"it hasn't been my first change,\" said offensive lineman pat lewandowski, who began his career when turner gill was the coach. \"going through it before, you know not everything is permanent.\" when bowen was introduced as the interim coach in that meeting sunday, the team erupted. \"it was pretty amped up,\" defensive tackle keon stowers said. \"when they announced coach bowen it was the loudest i've heard a meeting, as far as clapping. applause went on for half a minute into about a minute. he was very emotional. you could see it on his face.\" bowen is one of the jayhawks' native sons. he grew up in lawrence, played for the program in the 1990s, returned as an assistant under mark mangino and again a few years ago. \"he's a guy who has been such a big part of jayhawk football, to see how excited he is has really trickled down to us.\" lewandowski said. we're all excited for him and are excited for the rest of the season to see what he can do. hopefully we help him prove himself as a coach.\" the coaching change resulted in a trickle-down effect of other changes. lewandowski said practice has been different, that the mentality and attitude have changed. he said those changes have come directly from bowen and how he likes to run things. \"he's about business, but he likes to have fun whole he's doing it,\" lewandowski said. \"he likes to bring a lot of energy and a lot of excitement.\" heeney said that bowen was even running sprints with the team during practice. some graduate assistants may do one or two to relive their glory days, but bowen ran all of them with the team. shepherd said the team runs out of the locker room together to go to practice. once they hit the field, they run from station to station with a sense of urgency. perhaps there is one. the jayhawks (2-2) visit west virginia on saturday, the first game of what could be described as an eight-game audition for bowen for the head coaching job. \"i was excited about it,\" defensive back jacorey shepherd said of the change. \"i was excited to see what coach bowen had to bring to the table as a head coach. i know what he brings from being on the defensive side of the ball.\" advertisement trending in sports 1 texas qb ash talks about concussions, walking away 2 ohio st. student who ran on turf loses scholarship 3 fcs top 25 roundup - week 6 4 prescott's five tds power mississippi state past texas a&amp;m 5 no. 22 ecu easily handles smu in american opener see all trends advertisement ? america's election hq see the latest updates on the hottest midterm races from fox news full elections coverage ? watch: florida's will muschamp delivers verbal dagger to tennessee fans after win oh canada: national anthem crooner eats it on ice, keeps on singing manziel as mentor? johnny football wants to help jameis winston kobe bryant doesn't do la traffic, takes flight home from practice instead lamborghini unveils 910-horsepower electric supercar at paris auto show richie incognito and the new england patriots are perfect for each other who is oklahoma qb trevor knight and how the hell did he win katy perry?s heart? katy perry confesses her love for trevor knight, makes cock joke and wreaks havoc on college gameday 6 dumbest quotes by soon-to-be fired michigan coach brady hoke lebron james pranks cavaliers? rookies and it?s? funny? college football preview: nd-stanford, bama-ole miss, a&amp;m-msu highlight stacked saturday clippers owner hopes to turn a racist's team into 'america's team' royals top angels 4-1 in 11 innings, lead alds 2-0 cardinals beat dodgers 10-9 after kershaw wilts media dream meme: 'time' pushes domestic violence link to nfl head trauma site index sections home video politics u.s. opinion entertainment tech science health travel lifestyle world sports weather on air tools live video trending ureport newsletters alerts blogs mobile podcasts radio fox news store apps &amp; downloads about careers college students fox around the world advertise with us terms of use privacy policy ad choices contact us email newsroom faq media relations follow facebook twitter google+ linkedin rss newsletters fox news back to top this material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. ?2014 fox news network, llc. all rights reserved. all market data delayed 20 minutes. privacy - terms - faq &lt;img src=\"http://metrics.foxnews.com/b/ss/foxnews/1/h22.1--ns/1412461918200?pagename=noscript:sports:subsection:article&amp;g=http://www.foxnews.com/sports/2014/10/02/kansas-players-upbeat-after-charlie-weis-was-fired-clint-bowen-appointed/\" style=\"display:none;\" width=\"0\" height=\"0\" border=\"0\" alt=\"\"&gt; &lt;img src=\"//secure-us.imrworldwide.com/cgi-bin/m?ci=us-801796h&amp;amp;cg=0&amp;amp;cc=1&amp;amp;si=http://www.foxnews.com/sports/2014/10/02/kansas-players-upbeat-after-charlie-weis-was-fired-clint-bowen-appointed/&amp;amp;ts=noscript&amp;amp;rnd=1412461918200\" style=\"display:none;\" width=\"0\" height=\"0\" border=\"0\" alt=\"\"&gt; &lt;img src=\"http://b.scorecardresearch.com/p?c1=2&amp;c2=9013181&amp;c3=&amp;c4=http://www.foxnews.com/sports/2014/10/02/kansas-players-upbeat-after-charlie-weis-was-fired-clint-bowen-appointed/&amp;c5=&amp;c6=&amp;c15=&amp;cv=2.2&amp;cj=1\" style=\"display:none;\" width=\"0\" height=\"0\" border=\"0\" alt=\"\"&gt;", "bull": 1}, {"raw_text": "search sign in to comment!login fox news home watch live trending video politics politics home midterm elections executive senate house of representatives defense judiciary scandals congress to-do list u.s. u.s. home crime terrorism economy immigration disasters military education environment personal freedoms regions opinion opinion home todd starnes judith miller juan williams kt mcfarland dr. keith ablow karl rove ric grenell entertainment [fox411] home celebrity news movies tv music style [fox411] video tech tech home gadgets google social military tech smartphones video games slideshows science science home archaeology air &amp; space planet earth wild nature natural science dinosaurs slideshows health health home men's health women's health children's health alternative medicine diabetes heart health allergies nutrition &amp; fitness travel travel home slideshows in 5 guides lifestyle lifestyle home auto food &amp; drink real estate recipes wine with me world world home u.n. conflicts terrorism disasters global economy environment religion scandals regions sports sports home football basketball hockey baseball college sports tennis nascar golf more sports stats on air on air home a healthy you &amp; carol alt america's news hq america's newsroom cavuto fox files fox &amp; friends first fox &amp; friends fox &amp; friends weekend fox news sunday geraldo at large greta hannity happening now huckabee justice with judge jeanine #mediabuzz outnumbered red eye w/ gutfeld shepard smith reporting special report specials sunday morning futures with maria bartiromo the cost of freedom the five the journal editorial report the kelly file the o'reilly factor the real story w/ gretchen carlson war stories more from fox news fox news fox business fox news latino fox news go fox news radio fox nation fox news insider fox news fox business fox news latino fox news go fox news radio fox nation fox news insider menu home foxnews.com search sports home football basketball hockey baseball college sports tennis nascar golf more sports stats college sports who has won the most national titles in college football? depends on who does the counting published december 28, 2012associated press facebook77 twitter17 email print file - in this 1924, file photo, notre dame's infamous backfield, \"the four horsemen,\" from left, don miller, elmer layden, jim crowley and harry stuhldreherare pose on the practice field in south bend, ind. notre dame, led by the famed four horsemen, finished 10-0 in 1925. there was no national champion declared at the time, but two years later university of illinois economics professor frank dickinson devised a mathematical point system to determine a national champion, stephens said. notre dame coach knute rockne persuaded dickinson to retroactively determine a national champion for the 1925 (dartmouth) and 1924 seasons. (ap photo/file)?(the associated press) file - in this jan. 1, 1965, file photo, alabama coach paul bryant puts his arm around quarterback joe namath in the dressing room after losing to texas in the orange bowl ncaa college football game in miami. alabama (10-1), led by namath, was named no. 1 in both the ap and coaches poll at the end of the regular season. notre dame was ranked no. 1 for the last month of the season, but was upset in the season finale by southern california. (ap photo/file)?(the associated press) file - this nov. 19, 1966, file photo, provided by michigan state university shows the michigan state stadium clock with the final score of an ncaa college football game between notre dame and michigan state in east lansing, mich. notre dame (9-0-1) was ranked no. 1 by the ap and coaches at the end of the regular season, the only blemish on its record was a 10-10 tie against no. 2 michigan state. (ap photo/michigan state university)?(the associated press) file - in this dec. 31, 1973, file photo, notre dame kicker bob thomas (98) boots the game-winning field goal to defeat alabama 24-23 in the sugar bowl ncaa college football game in new orleans. holding is notre dame's brian doherty. alabama (11-1) finished the regular season undefeated and was declared the national champion in the coaches poll, where the irish were ranked no. 4. notre dame (11-0) then beats bear bryant's crimson tide in the sugar bowl. the ap named notre dame national champion. (ap photo/jh, file)?(the associated press) file - in this dec. 31, 1973, file photo, notre dame players team point their fingers skyward as they chant \"we're number one\" after defeating then-undefeated alabama 24-23 in the sugar bowl ncaa college football game in new orleans. alabama (11-1) finished the regular season undefeated and was declared the national champion in the coaches poll, where the irish were ranked no. 4. notre dame (11-0) then defeated alabama in the sugar bowl and ap named notre dame the national champion. (ap photo/file)?(the associated press) previous next south bend, ind. ? ?quick, name the college football team that has won the most national championships. alabama? notre dame? princeton? if you gave any of those answers, and maybe a few others, you might be right. because over the years there have been a lot of organizations using different methods to determine who they think is national champion.advertisementadvertisement no wonder \"mythical\" is the word that often precedes national title. \"there is no official standard because there is no official national champion,\" said kent stephens, historian at the college football hall of fame in south bend. \"it all depends on the standard the school wishes to utilize. the national champion is in the eye of the beholder.\" this explains how princeton can claim 28 national championships, starting with the first one in 1869. the tigers went 1-1 that season against rutgers in the only two games played in college football that year. they were retroactively crowned champion by several ranking organizations. among more traditional powerhouses, alabama claims the most national championships with 14, followed by notre dame with 11, which is the same number southern california and michigan say they deserve. the fighting irish and crimson tide are tied at eight for the number of times they have been declared national champions by the associated press since the wire service started its poll in 1936. one of the teams will be awarded its ninth ap title in the wee hours of jan. 8, after the bcs title game. the biggest difference between the number of overall national championships alabama and notre dame claim is the way they add up their titles. notre dame senior associate athletic director john heisler said the school only counts seasons when it feels as if most of the rating services agreed the fighting irish were the champs. \"when there isn't any debate, that notre dame would be considered the consensus national champions,\" heisler said. alabama associate athletic director doug walker said the tide feels its claim is just as solid. \"we acknowledge that some question one of our claimed national championships, the title from 1941, but we do claim 14 football national championships,\" he said. here are some of the national championships involving alabama and notre dame. ___ 1924 ? notre dame, led by the famed four horsemen, finished 10-0. there was no national champion declared at the time, but two years later university of illinois economics professor frank dickinson devised a mathematical point system to determine a national champion, stephens said. notre dame coach knute rockne persuaded dickinson to retroactively determine a national champion for the 1925 (dartmouth) and 1924 seasons. others also were retroactively declared national champions. ___ 1930 ? alabama, coached by wallace wade, posted a 10-0 record, shutting out eight of its opponents, including a 24-0 win over washington state in the rose bowl. alabama is named the national champion by college football researchers. notre dame, in its last season under knute rockne, also went 10-0, including wins over army and southern california in the final two games. the fighting irish were named national champion by multiple organizations. parke davis calls alabama and notre dame co-champions. ___ 1941 ? alabama posts a 9-2 record, finishes ranked no. 20 in the ap poll but is ranked no. 1 by houlgate. minnesota (8-0) is ranked no. 1 by ap and several other groups. notre dame (8-0-1) finishes the season ranked no. 3. ___ 1964 ? alabama (10-1), led by joe namath, is named no. 1 in both the ap and coaches poll at the end of the regular season. notre dame was ranked no. 1 for the last month of the season, but was upset in the season finale by southern california 20-17 when craig fertig completed a 15-yard td pass to rod sherman with 1:33 left. the irish finish no. 3 while alabama then loses 21-17 to texas in the orange bowl when the officials rule namath didn't make it into the end zone on a quarterback sneak. ___ 1966 ? notre dame (9-0-1) was ranked no. 1 by the ap and coaches at the end of the regular season, the only blemish on its record was a 10-10 tie against no. 2 michigan state. some criticized irish coach ara parseghian for settling for a tie instead of going for the victory. defending national champion alabama (11-0) finished no. 3. berryman named alabama national champion, but the school does not count it. ___ 1973 ? alabama (11-1) finishes the regular season undefeated and is declared the national champion in the coaches poll, where the irish were ranked no. 4. notre dame (11-0) then beats bear bryant's crimson tide in the sugar bowl after bob thomas kicked the game-winning field goal with 4:26 remaining. the ap names notre dame national champion. ___ 1977 ? notre dame (11-1), after losing 20-13 to mississippi in the second game of the season, wins the rest of its games, including a 38-10 rout of texas in the cotton bowl, and is ranked no. 1 by in the ap and coaches poll. alabama (11-1), after losing 31-24 to nebraska in the second game, wins the rest of its games, including a 35-6 win over ohio state in the sugar bowl. the tide winds up no. 2. advertisement trending in sports 1 texas qb ash talks about concussions, walking away 2 ohio st. student who ran on turf loses scholarship 3 fcs top 25 roundup - week 6 4 prescott's five tds power mississippi state past texas a&amp;m 5 no. 22 ecu easily handles smu in american opener see all trends advertisement ? america's election hq see the latest updates on the hottest midterm races from fox news full elections coverage ? watch: florida's will muschamp delivers verbal dagger to tennessee fans after win oh canada: national anthem crooner eats it on ice, keeps on singing manziel as mentor? johnny football wants to help jameis winston kobe bryant doesn't do la traffic, takes flight home from practice instead lamborghini unveils 910-horsepower electric supercar at paris auto show richie incognito and the new england patriots are perfect for each other who is oklahoma qb trevor knight and how the hell did he win katy perry?s heart? katy perry confesses her love for trevor knight, makes cock joke and wreaks havoc on college gameday 6 dumbest quotes by soon-to-be fired michigan coach brady hoke lebron james pranks cavaliers? rookies and it?s? funny? college football preview: nd-stanford, bama-ole miss, a&amp;m-msu highlight stacked saturday clippers owner hopes to turn a racist's team into 'america's team' royals top angels 4-1 in 11 innings, lead alds 2-0 cardinals beat dodgers 10-9 after kershaw wilts media dream meme: 'time' pushes domestic violence link to nfl head trauma site index sections home video politics u.s. opinion entertainment tech science health travel lifestyle world sports weather on air tools live video trending ureport newsletters alerts blogs mobile podcasts radio fox news store apps &amp; downloads about careers college students fox around the world advertise with us terms of use privacy policy ad choices contact us email newsroom faq media relations follow facebook twitter google+ linkedin rss newsletters fox news back to top this material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. ?2014 fox news network, llc. all rights reserved. all market data delayed 20 minutes. privacy - terms - faq &lt;img src=\"http://metrics.foxnews.com/b/ss/foxnews/1/h22.1--ns/1412462159839?pagename=noscript:sports:subsection:article&amp;g=http://www.foxnews.com/sports/2012/12/28/who-has-won-most-national-titles-in-college-football-depends-on-who-does/\" style=\"display:none;\" width=\"0\" height=\"0\" border=\"0\" alt=\"\"&gt; &lt;img src=\"//secure-us.imrworldwide.com/cgi-bin/m?ci=us-801796h&amp;amp;cg=0&amp;amp;cc=1&amp;amp;si=http://www.foxnews.com/sports/2012/12/28/who-has-won-most-national-titles-in-college-football-depends-on-who-does/&amp;amp;ts=noscript&amp;amp;rnd=1412462159839\" style=\"display:none;\" width=\"0\" height=\"0\" border=\"0\" alt=\"\"&gt; &lt;img src=\"http://b.scorecardresearch.com/p?c1=2&amp;c2=9013181&amp;c3=&amp;c4=http://www.foxnews.com/sports/2012/12/28/who-has-won-most-national-titles-in-college-football-depends-on-who-does/&amp;c5=&amp;c6=&amp;c15=&amp;cv=2.2&amp;cj=1\" style=\"display:none;\" width=\"0\" height=\"0\" border=\"0\" alt=\"\"&gt;", "bull": 1}, {"raw_text": "search sign in to comment!login fox news home watch live trending video politics politics home midterm elections executive senate house of representatives defense judiciary scandals congress to-do list u.s. u.s. home crime terrorism economy immigration disasters military education environment personal freedoms regions opinion opinion home todd starnes judith miller juan williams kt mcfarland dr. keith ablow karl rove ric grenell entertainment [fox411] home celebrity news movies tv music style [fox411] video tech tech home gadgets google social military tech smartphones video games slideshows science science home archaeology air &amp; space planet earth wild nature natural science dinosaurs slideshows health health home men's health women's health children's health alternative medicine diabetes heart health allergies nutrition &amp; fitness travel travel home slideshows in 5 guides lifestyle lifestyle home auto food &amp; drink real estate recipes wine with me world world home u.n. conflicts terrorism disasters global economy environment religion scandals regions sports sports home football basketball hockey baseball college sports tennis nascar golf more sports stats on air on air home a healthy you &amp; carol alt america's news hq america's newsroom cavuto fox files fox &amp; friends first fox &amp; friends fox &amp; friends weekend fox news sunday geraldo at large greta hannity happening now huckabee justice with judge jeanine #mediabuzz outnumbered red eye w/ gutfeld shepard smith reporting special report specials sunday morning futures with maria bartiromo the cost of freedom the five the journal editorial report the kelly file the o'reilly factor the real story w/ gretchen carlson war stories more from fox news fox news fox business fox news latino fox news go fox news radio fox nation fox news insider fox news fox business fox news latino fox news go fox news radio fox nation fox news insider login menu home foxnews.com search sports home football basketball hockey baseball college sports tennis nascar golf more sports stats college sports lucas runs for 2 tds, marist surges past valparaiso 35-7 published october 04, 2014associated press facebook1 twitter1 email print valparaiso, ind. ? ?atiq lucas rushed for 88 yards with two touchdowns and marist pulled away from valparaiso 35-7 to earn its first win of the season on saturday. trailing 7-0 early, the red foxes (1-5, 1-2 pioneer league) surged ahead as lucas scored each of his touchdowns in the first half, his first being set up by a dropped snap on a valparaiso punt. joe tralli caught a 55-yard strike from anthony francis and wale onakoya added a late rushing score to fuel a 21-point second quarter for marist.advertisementadvertisement marcellus calhoun's 1-yard touchdown run in the fourth quarter fueled the rout. francis was 17 of 27 for 182 yards. valparaiso (1-4, 0-2) scored on its opening drive with a 14-yard score by tanner kuramata, but marist shut them down from there, allowing just 239 total yards and forcing two turnovers. brandon hall led the crusaders with 84 yards on 17 carries. advertisement fox news video 'airplane repo' star battles ex-nfl players, shovels (video - entertainment) video emerges of isis beheading british hostage alan henning (video - world) bachmann: obama could be laying the groundwork for a wwiii (video - politics) meet the new breeds (video - lifestyle) 'airplane repo' star battles ex-nfl players, shovels (video - entertainment) video emerges of isis beheading british hostage alan henning (video - world) bachmann: obama could be laying the groundwork for a wwiii (video - politics) meet the new breeds (video - lifestyle) recommended by trending in sports 1 texas qb ash talks about concussions, walking away 2 ohio st. student who ran on turf loses scholarship 3 fcs top 25 roundup - week 6 4 prescott's five tds power mississippi state past texas a&amp;m 5 no. 22 ecu easily handles smu in american opener see all trends advertisement ? america's election hq see the latest updates on the hottest midterm races from fox news full elections coverage ? also on the web swimmer michael phelps trades in his speedos (fortune) cancer patients: new treatment strategy is stunning doctors (envita) maximum obamacare tax penalty for being uninsured in 2014 announced (health insurance trends) zimmer direct, not always ?pg? (scout.com) a surprising fact you don't know about poison ivy (columbia sportswear) a tour of talking rocks caverns may leave you speechless (explore branson) more from fox news man allegedly shoots down neighbor?s drone with shotgun (tech) the new form of infidelity (health) teacher at elite new york school faces sex charges (u.s.) child welfare officials were called 18 times in 8 years about family massacred by grandfather (u.s.) student who ran onto field, was body-slammed by ohio state coach at game loses scholarship (sports) world-record 809-pound mako caught with bow off california (sports) recommended by watch now... outburst becomes a factor in illinois house race (video - politics) george w. bush on isis threat, secret service shakeup (video - politics) bush opens up on obama's handling of iraq, isis (video - politics) outburst becomes a factor in illinois house race (video - politics) george w. bush on isis threat, secret service shakeup (video - politics) bush opens up on obama's handling of iraq, isis (video - politics) watch: florida's will muschamp delivers verbal dagger to tennessee fans after win oh canada: national anthem crooner eats it on ice, keeps on singing manziel as mentor? johnny football wants to help jameis winston kobe bryant doesn't do la traffic, takes flight home from practice instead lamborghini unveils 910-horsepower electric supercar at paris auto show richie incognito and the new england patriots are perfect for each other who is oklahoma qb trevor knight and how the hell did he win katy perry?s heart? katy perry confesses her love for trevor knight, makes cock joke and wreaks havoc on college gameday 6 dumbest quotes by soon-to-be fired michigan coach brady hoke lebron james pranks cavaliers? rookies and it?s? funny? college football preview: nd-stanford, bama-ole miss, a&amp;m-msu highlight stacked saturday clippers owner hopes to turn a racist's team into 'america's team' royals top angels 4-1 in 11 innings, lead alds 2-0 cardinals beat dodgers 10-9 after kershaw wilts media dream meme: 'time' pushes domestic violence link to nfl head trauma site index sections home video politics u.s. opinion entertainment tech science health travel lifestyle world sports weather on air tools live video trending ureport newsletters alerts blogs mobile podcasts radio fox news store apps &amp; downloads about careers college students fox around the world advertise with us terms of use privacy policy ad choices contact us email newsroom faq media relations follow facebook twitter google+ linkedin rss newsletters fox news back to top this material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. ?2014 fox news network, llc. all rights reserved. all market data delayed 20 minutes. privacy - terms - faq &lt;img src=\"http://metrics.foxnews.com/b/ss/foxnews/1/h22.1--ns/1412462248297?pagename=noscript:sports:subsection:article&amp;g=http://www.foxnews.com/sports/2014/10/04/lucas-runs-for-2-tds-marist-surges-past-valparaiso-35-7/\" style=\"display:none;\" width=\"0\" height=\"0\" border=\"0\" alt=\"\"&gt; &lt;img src=\"//secure-us.imrworldwide.com/cgi-bin/m?ci=us-801796h&amp;amp;cg=0&amp;amp;cc=1&amp;amp;si=http://www.foxnews.com/sports/2014/10/04/lucas-runs-for-2-tds-marist-surges-past-valparaiso-35-7/&amp;amp;ts=noscript&amp;amp;rnd=1412462248297\" style=\"display:none;\" width=\"0\" height=\"0\" border=\"0\" alt=\"\"&gt; &lt;img src=\"http://b.scorecardresearch.com/p?c1=2&amp;c2=9013181&amp;c3=&amp;c4=http://www.foxnews.com/sports/2014/10/04/lucas-runs-for-2-tds-marist-surges-past-valparaiso-35-7/&amp;c5=&amp;c6=&amp;c15=&amp;cv=2.2&amp;cj=1\" style=\"display:none;\" width=\"0\" height=\"0\" border=\"0\" alt=\"\"&gt; resend email verification to sign in you must verify your email address. fill out the form below and we'll send you an email to verify. {* #resendverificationform *} {* resendverification_emailaddress *} {* newpasswordformbutton *} {* /resendverificationform *} please change your display name. your display name is unavailable. {* #postloginform1 *} {*postlogin_displayname *} {* postlogin_acceptbutton *} {* /postloginform1 *} your verification email has been sent check your email for a link to reset your password. sign in account deletion are you sure you want to permanently delete your fox news digital account? you will lose your activity history and email preferences. {* confirmdeactivateform *} {* confirmdeactivatebutton *} {* /confirmdeactivateform *} you did it! your password has been successfully changed. close change your password {* newpasswordform *} {* oldpassword *} {* newpassword *} {* newpasswordconfirm *} i forgot my password {* newpasswordformbutton *} {* /newpasswordform *} member profile don't have an account? create one now {* profilephotocustom *} {* public_displayname *} {* member_since *} {* public_city *} {* public_state *} {* public_country *} {* public_birthdate *} {* public_gender *} {* slider_public *} user stats comments ureports likes shares {* public_shares *} sign in welcome back, {* welcomename *} (not you?) sign in with your account use another account ? ??{* returnprovider *} privacy policy sign in welcome back, (not you?) sign in with your account use another account ? {* #userinformationform *} {* traditionalsignin_emailaddress *} {* traditionalsignin_password *} {* traditionalsignin_signinbutton *} {* /userinformationform *} privacy policy you're almost done! complete the following form to submit your registration. {* #socialregistrationform *} {* socialregistration_firstname *} {* socialregistration_lastname *} {* socialregistration_displayname *} {* socialregistration_emailaddress *} {* registration_birthday *} terms of service {* agreetoterms *} {* socialregistration_button *} {* /socialregistrationform *} create a fox news account already have an account? sign in ? {* #registrationform *} {* traditionalregistration_firstname *} {* traditionalregistration_lastname *} {* traditionalregistration_displayname *} {* traditionalregistration_emailaddress *} {* traditionalregistration_password *} {* traditionalregistration_passwordconfirm *} {* registration_birthday *} subscribe to fox news email newsletters optional fox news morning headlines fox news top headlines fox business breaking alerts fox news breaking alerts security check {* captcha *} {* agreetoterms *} {* createaccountbutton *} {* /registrationform *} thank you for registering! once you confirm your email address you will be able to access commenting and exclusive content on all the fox news digital websites! verify your email we just sent an email to your account to verify your email address. check your inbox and click on the link to confirm your account. close forgot my password enter your current email address, and we'll send you instructions to create a new password. {* #forgotpasswordform *} {* forgotpassword_emailaddress *} {* forgotpassword_sendbutton *} {* /forgotpasswordform *} forgot my password success! you should receive an email shortly with instructions to change your password. close {* mergeaccounts {\"custom\": true} *} create a fox news account it looks like you've been here before. we already have an account for: {| current_emailaddress |} connect this session with your existing account forgot password? not you? continue creating a new account sign in to complete account merge {* #tradauthenticatemergeform *} {* traditionalsignin_emailaddress *} {* traditionalsignin_password *} {* traditionalsignin_signinbutton *} forgot password? {* /tradauthenticatemergeform *} facebooktwitterlinkedinemailsocial sharing by janrainshare on your timelineshared on your timelinethanks for sharing with your friends on facebook. share with your other networks too!start overx+4editdoneor browse friendsand 0 morex+it appears the url has been modified. restore?0editdonex+it appears the url has been modified. restore?0editdonehttp://www.foxnews.com/sports/2014/10/04/lucas-runs-for-2-tds-marist-surges-past-valparaiso-35-7/undefinedconnecting to facebook failed. %tag%view error%gat%shareconnecttweet to your followersprefer a direct message? choose followersshared to twitterdirect message your followersyou can also tweet to all your followerssent to your followersthanks for sharing with your followers on twitter. share with your other networks too!start overselect your followersx+11editdoneclosedoneselected followersx+11editdoneclosedonex+4editdoneor browse followersand 0 morex+it appears the url has been modified. restore?140editdonex+url will be shortened116editdonehttp://www.foxnews.com/sports/2014/10/04/lucas-runs-for-2-tds-marist-surges-past-valparaiso-35-7/undefinedconnecting to twitter failed. %tag%view error%gat%shareconnectshare with your connectionsprefer sending a message? choose connectionsshared to linkedinmessage to your connectionsyou can also share with all connectionssent to your connectionsthanks for sharing with your connections on linkedin. share with your other networks too!start overselect your connectionsx+11editdoneclosedoneselected connectionsx+11editdoneclosedonex+4editdoneor browse connectionsand 0 morex+it appears the url has been modified. restore?0editdonex+it appears the url has been modified. restore?0editdonehttp://www.foxnews.com/sports/2014/10/04/lucas-runs-for-2-tds-marist-surges-past-valparaiso-35-7/undefinedsign in to your email providerconnecting to linkedin failed. %tag%view error%gat%shareconnectshare with your friends by emailemail sentthanks for sharing with your contacts via email. share with your other networks too!start overselect your contactsx+11editdoneclosedoneselected contactsx+11editdoneclosedonex+30editdoneor browse contactsand 0 morex+it appears the url has been modified. restore?0editdonex+-97editdonehttp://www.foxnews.com/sports/2014/10/04/lucas-runs-for-2-tds-marist-surges-past-valparaiso-35-7/undefinedsign in to your email providerconnecting to email failed. %tag%view error%gat%connectconnectgoogleyahoo sign in with your existing account ??facebook ??google+ ??twitter ??yahoo ??linkedin ??aol with a fox news account sign up ? email addressvalidating validating i forgot my password find answers to your questions about the fox news community in our faqs.", "bull": 1}, {"raw_text": "search sign in to comment!login fox news home watch live trending video politics politics home midterm elections executive senate house of representatives defense judiciary scandals congress to-do list u.s. u.s. home crime terrorism economy immigration disasters military education environment personal freedoms regions opinion opinion home todd starnes judith miller juan williams kt mcfarland dr. keith ablow karl rove ric grenell entertainment [fox411] home celebrity news movies tv music style [fox411] video tech tech home gadgets google social military tech smartphones video games slideshows science science home archaeology air &amp; space planet earth wild nature natural science dinosaurs slideshows health health home men's health women's health children's health alternative medicine diabetes heart health allergies nutrition &amp; fitness travel travel home slideshows in 5 guides lifestyle lifestyle home auto food &amp; drink real estate recipes wine with me world world home u.n. conflicts terrorism disasters global economy environment religion scandals regions sports sports home football basketball hockey baseball college sports tennis nascar golf more sports stats on air on air home a healthy you &amp; carol alt america's news hq america's newsroom cavuto fox files fox &amp; friends first fox &amp; friends fox &amp; friends weekend fox news sunday geraldo at large greta hannity happening now huckabee justice with judge jeanine #mediabuzz outnumbered red eye w/ gutfeld shepard smith reporting special report specials sunday morning futures with maria bartiromo the cost of freedom the five the journal editorial report the kelly file the o'reilly factor the real story w/ gretchen carlson war stories more from fox news fox news fox business fox news latino fox news go fox news radio fox nation fox news insider fox news fox business fox news latino fox news go fox news radio fox nation fox news insider menu home foxnews.com search world home u.n. conflicts terrorism disasters global economy environment religion scandals regions asia &amp; pacific hong kong pro-democracy protesters scuffle with residents, cancel talks with government published october 03, 2014associated press facebook126 twitter362 email print now playing beijing says hong kong protests 'doomed to fail' hong kong ? ?hong kong pro-democracy protesters called off planned talks with the government on electoral reforms friday after mobs of people tried to drive them from streets they had occupied in one of the city's main shopping areas. the hong kong federation of students, one of the groups leading the protests that swelled to the tens of thousands earlier this week, said they saw no choice but to cancel the talks.advertisementadvertisement \"the government is demanding the streets be cleared. we call upon all hong kong people to immediately come to protect our positions and fight to the end,\" the group said in a statement. hong kong's leader, chief executive leung chun-ying, proposed the talks late thursday, seeking to defuse the standoff, the biggest challenge to beijing's authority since china took control of the former british colony in 1997. his refusal to yield to calls for his resignation angered many protesters. they demanded that the government hold someone responsible for the scuffles friday in kowloon's crowded mong kok district and other areas, the most chaotic since police used tear gas and pepper spray last weekend to try to disperse the demonstrations. just as those tactics ended up drawing more people into the streets, the attacks on friday drew hundreds of supporters. it was unclear if the people trying to drive out the protesters were organized, though some wore blue ribbons signaling their support for the mainland chinese government, while the protesters have worn yellow ribbons. at least some were local residents fed up with the inconvenience of blocked streets and closed shops, and were perhaps encouraged to take matters into their own hands by police calls for the protesters to clear the streets. \"it's not about whether i support their cause or not. it's about whether what they are doing is legal or not,\" said donald chan, 45. \"it is illegal. it has brought chaos to the city.\" in the afternoon, democracy activists, mostly students, linked arms and held hands as they tried to stand their ground. police formed cordons and escorted some of the protesters away as hundreds of people chanted, \"pack up!\" and \"go home!\" but the tide seemed to turn in the evening, when hundreds assembled, shouting at the opponents of the protesters and haranguing police to protect the students. police ended up escorting some of the mob of people in their 30s and older out of the area. the chaos prompted orders from police and other top officials for all to avoid violence and go home. \"we should not use violence or disrupt social order in any situation,\" chief executive leung said. \"all people gathering in those areas should disperse as soon as possible and restore social order, so that daily lives will be restored to normal.\" during the worst of the disturbances, police appeared hard-pressed to keep order as the two sides tussled in a tense standoff. some people emerged bloodied from the fracas. occasional heavy rain showers did not noticeably thin the crowds. the protesters have stayed in the streets since sept. 26, pledging to preserve hong kong's western-style legal system and civil liberties. they want the chinese government to reverse a decision requiring all candidates in the first election for hong kong's leader in 2017 to be approved by a mostly pro-beijing committee. the demonstrators want open nominations. hong kong's top civil servant, chief secretary carrie lam, said friday she had begun organizing the talks with the protesters, before the students called them off. china's government has mostly kept quiet during the crisis, other than to call the protests illegal and support the hong kong government's efforts to disperse them. however, the communist party newspaper people's daily on friday accused a small group of demonstrators of trying to \"hijack the system\" and said the protest effort was doomed to failure. there is \"no room for concessions\" on the candidate screening issue, it said in a front-page editorial, noting that hong kong \"is directly under the jurisdiction of the central government; it is not a country or an independent political entity.\" some who are sympathetic to the protesters' demands for wider democracy complained that the police were not doing enough to protect the demonstrators. but others complained that the protests were disrupting their lives and hurting their livelihoods. \"it affected my company, a perfume business, to deliver goods in the area,\" said ken lai in the bustling causeway bay neighborhood. \"i really dislike the fact that they occupied so many areas, all scattered around the city. i'm a hong konger too. the occupiers don't represent all of us.\" advertisement world video deadly gun battle between soldiers, gangs on rio highway (video - world) new isis threat on military families in the us (video - world) turkey approves ground troops against isis in iraq, syria (video - world) mark levin says obama in a 'full blown cover-up' over isis (video - world) deadly gun battle between soldiers, gangs on rio highway (video - world) new isis threat on military families in the us (video - world) turkey approves ground troops against isis in iraq, syria (video - world) mark levin says obama in a 'full blown cover-up' over isis (video - world) recommended by trending in world 1 ex-army ranger held by isis helped syrian refugees 2 isis beheads british hostage alan henning in video; says us vet is next 3 ousted haitian dictator jean-claude duvalier dead at 63 4 north korea's no. 2 visits south for rare talks 5 teenage girls recall horrors of isis captivity see all trends world markets markets boston herald to discuss cartoon with community trial for former sunwest ceo delayed until may flag from 9/11 is lost in flight 93 memorial fire advertisement ? america's election hq see the latest updates on the hottest midterm races from fox news full elections coverage ? site index sections home video politics u.s. opinion entertainment tech science health travel lifestyle world sports weather on air tools live video trending ureport newsletters alerts blogs mobile podcasts radio fox news store apps &amp; downloads about careers college students fox around the world advertise with us terms of use privacy policy ad choices contact us email newsroom faq media relations follow facebook twitter google+ linkedin rss newsletters fox news back to top this material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. ?2014 fox news network, llc. all rights reserved. all market data delayed 20 minutes. privacy - terms - faq &lt;img src=\"http://metrics.foxnews.com/b/ss/foxnews/1/h22.1--ns/1412462258528?pagename=noscript:world:subsection:article&amp;g=http://www.foxnews.com/world/2014/10/03/fights-break-out-between-hong-kong-student-protesters-residents/\" style=\"display:none;\" width=\"0\" height=\"0\" border=\"0\" alt=\"\"&gt; &lt;img src=\"//secure-us.imrworldwide.com/cgi-bin/m?ci=us-801796h&amp;amp;cg=0&amp;amp;cc=1&amp;amp;si=http://www.foxnews.com/world/2014/10/03/fights-break-out-between-hong-kong-student-protesters-residents/&amp;amp;ts=noscript&amp;amp;rnd=1412462258528\" style=\"display:none;\" width=\"0\" height=\"0\" border=\"0\" alt=\"\"&gt; &lt;img src=\"http://b.scorecardresearch.com/p?c1=2&amp;c2=9013181&amp;c3=&amp;c4=http://www.foxnews.com/world/2014/10/03/fights-break-out-between-hong-kong-student-protesters-residents/&amp;c5=&amp;c6=&amp;c15=&amp;cv=2.2&amp;cj=1\" style=\"display:none;\" width=\"0\" height=\"0\" border=\"0\" alt=\"\"&gt;", "bull": 1}]